Celebrity-favourite label Puma's shoes already come with a firm fan following but throw in Sophia Webster's signature, playful aesthetic and you're guaranteed cult status. Case in point: Last year, the two launched a collection, which sold out in under 24 hours. To the delight of those who couldn't get their hands on the dreamy designs, a second princess-themed line is all-set to be released in two separate capsules. While the first features pieces poised for a modern-day Cinderella moment (think everything from sparkle-strewn sneakers to pretty pastel slides and even tutus), the second is defined by Crayola colours and fruit motifs (dragon fruit, kiwis and watermelons). And that's not it for the sports giant. You can now shop Rihanna's latest racing-inspired Fenty Puma collection. Keep your credit cards handy, we're placing our bets on both to garner growing waitlists. The first Puma x Sophia Webster capsule will drop on March 17, and the second will follow on May 12
Celebrated in the month of March, Gudi Padwa marks the beginning of spring and the Maharashtrian New Year. Apart from Maharashtra, Gudi Padwa is also celebrated in other parts of the country including Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh, parts of Konkan and among the Sindhi community. Hoisting of the Gudi (a stick decorated with flowers and colourful cloth tied around it) is one of the key features of the celebrations. If you're planning step out and join in on the festivities, make sure you do so in your sartorial best. Looking for the perfect ensemble to match your style? Look no further. As you take part in rangoli making, keep it simple with a comfortable kurta set. Pick from AM:PM's pastel number or go with Nidhi Tholia's brocade kurta set. Those willing to go one step further can swap their sharara sets in favour of Kora's kurta and skirt set. Staying in sync with the occasion opt for bright coloured outfits. If you don't want to go down the kurta route, experiment with brocade and silk saris. Keep things light and invest in Anavila's red number. Stay in sync with the festive vibe and amp your look with multi layered earrings and a pair of juttis. Scroll through our gallery for the best designer kurtas and saris to try this Gudi Padwa. This story is a part of our Festive Fashion series that offers practical style tips to help you get ahead of the upcoming festive season
Pero's autumn/winter '18 show was in a league of its own. Aneeth Arora's collection was inspired by a floral winter. I just wanted to surprise everyone with shocking pink, she said. The designer swapped her otherwise dark colour palette in favour of vibrant fuchsias and corals. Lending to the mood, the set also had a live counter skillful candy makers from Papabubble. From detailed beadwork to crochet detailing, Arora's collection also made use of passamanaria or Portuguese lace on the separates. Kanika Goyal's recent collection draws inspiration from Tacheism, and Kintsugi, the art of precious scars'. While Tacheism is a French art movement that features spontaneous brushwork, drips and blobs of paint applied straight from the tube, Kintsugi is is the Japanese art of repairing broken pottery with lacquer dusted or mixed with powdered gold, silver, or platinum. The designer stayed true to the brand's signature style of panelling and colour blocking with a playful twist. High shine and abstract lines on skirts, dresses and statement jackets dominated designers collection. For the last show of the season, Namrata Joshipura presented a futuristic maximal collection that was inspired by the increasing use of technology in our lives. This season the designer not only used metallic fabrics but also experimented with crystal chains by sewing them on net. Joshipura focused on evening wear featuring party-ready dresses, embellished gowns, jumpsuits with feather detailing. Acing the art of evening wear, her collection was ruled by a colour palette of electric blues, magentas, greens and pinks.
To say this season of Amazon India Fashion Week is as compelling as any of its previous one would be inaccurate. With the general dip in the morale of the environment owing from budget cuts, the absence of a finale spectacle and lesser than usual number of known models, the established fashion platform is finding it challenging to meet its own set standards. However, on the first day, Amazon India Fashion Week autumn/winter 2017, a lineup of established labels kept the crowd immersed. David Abraham and Rakesh Thakore's collection #sadaksmart was as the name suggests, inspired by the sartorial ways of the streets of New Delhi. Abraham & Thakore has long established itself as label that's to do with people, urban needs, social commentary while staying in the prt space. The designers showcased their trans-seasonal lineup of belted jackets worn over saris, high waist trousers, crop tops, kurtas and lehengas. A shadow of a construction worker, a working millennial, a social workerthe references were self-explanatory. This season, the designer duo also experimented with colour and besides their beloved monochromatic pieces added variations of chintz to the lineup. Prints and applique work came through in soft pinks, oranges and greens. Rajesh Pratap Singh, Payal Pratap, Gaurav Gupta were amongst the designers seen at the show. Shyamal and Bhumika Shodhan of Shyamal & Bhumika paid an ode to the Parisian skies. Dainty lace saris, cocktail dresses, lehengas and more were seen on the runway. Diana Penty sashayed in an embellished skirt worn with a velvet cowl top. More Indian in translation than French, Shyamal & Bhumika's latest collection was obviously appealing to wedding-hopping crowd. For the last show of the day, Gauri & Nainika and Ashish N Soni presented a joint show under the same sponsor. Keeping the lineup unified under monochrome, the two labels went high glam with black tie dressing. Gauri & Nainika's love for large florals, diaphanous pleated tulle, layers of ruffles lent itself to the Bond-themed show. Ashish N Soni went with sharp cuts and pattern play for the dapper models. Vaani Kapoor opened the show in a dramatic white gown by Gauri & Nainika and closed the show in tuxedo by Soni.
The last day of the short four-day long Amazon India Fashion Week had the strongest lineup of all days. These are the standout shows from the day you need to know about. Kanika Goyal's collaboration with Adidas Originals saw a fast-paced, modern collection catered to the sneaker collecting, phone-obsessed millennials of today. Goyal went with asymmetric skirts, jackets with removable sleeves, skirt-trouser hybrids and fitted dresses with unusual panels slashing through the print this season. The design was inspired by abstract art and the Japanese technique of Kintsugi when imagining the colour palette. Where Goyal makes up for in creating structured formals for evening wear, she loses in the use of outlandish fabrics. Perhaps it's time to let go of leather, fur and plastic to add an element of edge' to each look. One holographic dress in the lineup, however, stood out in as a winner for the maximalist who likes drawing attention in any room she is in. Siddhartha Tytler made a renewed comeback this season with his collection F.U.S.S.'. Tytler's lineup of bomber jackets with oversized sleeves, slick pencil skirts, pantsuits was interesting one which drew from the decades of the '80s and '90s. Inarguably, the menswear was stronger in comparison than the womenswear with pieces that were more relevant to kind of men that like to look after their bodies. What Tytler could do away with is the hot fix rhinestone embellishments that remind one of the past in a not-so-nostalgic way. Former Miss India, model and actor, Neha Kapur, a friend of the designer, walked out a white pantsuit bringing the show to a close. To talk about a Pro show is never to talk about one aspect of itAneeth Arora makes sure your senses are assaulted on all counts even while you're staring at the runway. What's usually a blacked out show area was swathed in pink. Rows of neatly tied up favours sat on them. Backstage, models were glad to be in warm sweaters and flats for once. Arora, whose pre-show jitters usually have her stressed out to the maximum was also in a lighter, easier frame of mind. People came to associate us with greys and navy blues for winter, and I just wanted to change that perception and go with a bold pink, she explained. The collection comprised of standard Pro jackets in Scottish tartans in hues of pinks and sudden citrus bursts of orange. There were winter flowers embroidered, 3D applique-d, prints of flowers sewn onto the checks and more. Arora is a perfectionist who sees things through till she can no longer visit a concept with differentiating perspective. The designer also introduced large tote bags this season that many have already set their eyes on. While candy makers from Pappabubble made live hard candy on one side of the ramp, an a capella group provided live soundtrack on the other. Namrata Joshipura's collection Now' was the designer's perspective on the influence of technology in our lives. With artificial intelligence looking more human every day and us increasingly dependent on machines, Joshipura's lineup was about drawing those parallels. The designer's take on the matter was more aesthetic than functional. Party-ready sequinned pantsuits in Tumblr pink, plenty of close-cut pile fabrics in metallic accents cut into trousers, electric blue, gowns made for a futuristic collection. The designer made use of crystal chain that was sewn on tulle to resemble rows of blinking lights. Joshipura's show brought the season to a close.
Danish jewellery house Pandora is known for its hand-finished sterling silver and 14k gold jewellery. The brand's new collection, Pandora Shine, draws inspiration from the glow of the sun and is crafted in 18k gold-plated sterling silver. Think gold chokers, sleek earrings, pendants and charms. As an extension to their Shine collection, Pandora is also introducing Bee Mine and Rays of Sunshine jewellery series, which will be available only for a limited period. Inspired by nature during spring and rays of light, Rays of Sunshine includes pendants, rings and charms featuring sun motifs. Bee Mine on the other hand draws inspiration from geometric beauty of the honeycomb, and features chokers, bracelets and a hexagonal shaped rings. Great for pairing with summer dresses, the pieces are perfect for the coming months. The new collection will exclusively be available at Pandora stores at DLF Mall of India and Select City Walk March 15 onwards.
There are a few things that mark the official arrival of summerscorching heat and the feeling of less is more when it comes to your wardrobe are two of them. With the rising mercury, ditch the shirt-pant combo and stock up the stylish summer staplethe shirtdress. This extension of the shirt, sans trousers, will take you everywhere from the office to after-work drinks. From billowing shirtdresses to asymmetric versions, there's a dress for every mood. Out for a day of errands? Opt for Mango's belted number or go with Marques' Almeida's crisp white shirtdress. When it comes to dressing for the after-hours, swap your trusty black bodycon in favour of H&M's shirtdress. Goes without saying, but keep a lookout for breathable fabrics like cotton and linen to ace the summer game. Stick to soft neutrals and pale pastels to keep the vibe easy, but if you're the sort that yearns for colour, don't fretthere were plenty of tropical hues to choose from. Those in a mood for a playful number can invest in bright and floral numbers. Pick from Asceno's striped shirtdress or go all out with Mansur Gavriel's red number. Elevate your party look with the way of statement earrings and sleek heels. While stepping out for a work meeting, balance your look with mules. Scroll through our edit for the most perfect shirtdresses to add to your wardrobe this summer.
At Day 2 of Amazon India Fashion Week's autumn/winter 2018 edition, standout collections by designers Vineet Bahl, Nikasha and Nitin Bal Chauhan made their way to the runway. Holidays aren't just about relaxing, they also open your eyes to different cultures. Inspired by the art, architecture and costumes he saw on a recent visit to the Middle East, designer Vineet Bahl's collection took form from his ideas on his trip. Titled Quashqai', it pays an ode to the Turkish clan of the same name. In a way to make the motifs and embroideries used in their costumes contemporary, Bahl juxtaposed them on denim culottes, minidresses, jackets, cargo pants and more. The designer balanced florals, leather, velvet, gold embellishments and denim, all in one lineup. Designer Nikasha Tawadey firmly believes that inspiration does not strike oneself at regular intervals. Sometimes it grows inside you and only manifests itself when it is ready to. The cinematic magic of Satyajit Ray's Apu Trilogy was the starting point of her collection Keya', which means a flower blossoming in the monsoon. Tawadey wanted to recreate the glistening sheen on nature after a shower. The #MeToo movement also served as inspiration for the collection, as Oprah Winfrey's speech at the Golden Globes struck a chord with Tawadey. I wanted the clothes to be languid, free, almost celebrating this new era for women. Using the monsoon as a metaphor for change, Tawadey's lineup of embellished ethnic separates in bright hues and florals is for the woman of change. Nitin Bal Chauhan has never shied away from the extreme, but his presentation at Amazon India Fashion Week was palatable to the mainstream audience. The lineup saw deconstructed tailoring to create visually interesting tops, checkered dresses and colour blocking. The designer kept his sense of whimsy intact with giant floral and asymmetric headgear.
Two Indian designers showing on the main schedule of Paris Fashion Week is no small feat. Every designer in the world has a dream of showcasing on a platform that big; and when it comes true, what more can be done to top it off? Manish Arora has been a regular in the French capital for the last decade while Woolmark Prize winner Rahul Mishra's journey in Paris only started four years ago. But everyone was an equal at the lyse Palace when President Emmanuel Macron and First Lady Brigitte Macron hosted a sit-down dinner for all the designers who showed at the recently concluded Paris Fashion Week. France is a nation that values the arts, and the business that it brings to the economy is a direct result of the supportive environment it offers to the creative force. In the caption to an Instagram picture he posted after the dinner, Macaron says, These creative men and women with entrepreneurial spirit come from different places. Some are French, some are not. The thread that binds them: they all chose to come or stay, here in France, and develop fashion companies. This family picture emphasizes the attractiveness of France as the homeland of everyone who wants to create and succeed. The picture almost reminds you of a class photo. But the night wasn't just about photo ops. These creative men and women with entrepreneurial spirit come from different places. Some are French, some are not. The thread that binds them: they all chose to come or stay, here in France, and develop fashion companies. This family picture emphasizes the attractiveness of France as the homeland of everyone who wants to create and succeed. #ChooseFrance Manish Arora, one of the attendees of the dinner, says, It was quite an honour to represent India among such influential designers. The whole experience was both calm and incredible. It was a great initiative by the President, I have also met Former French President Jacques Chirac many years ago, and now I'm glad that the new president has started this initiative again. It was an amazing feeling to be part of that ballroom and being treated like part of a family. Rahul Mishra's infectious, wide-eyed account of the evening is relatable to everyone who has ever idolised designer icons. When we were standing in line to get our IDs checked, I realised I was standing behind Maria Grazia Chiuri and I had a fan boy moment with her. She said she loved New Delhi and wanted to learn more about the work we do here. I also introduced myself to Jean Paul Gaultier and I spoke about how overwhelming the encounter was and he just said, Hey, this was an experience for everybody. Mishra also spoke about how the informal tone of the evening made it possible for honest exchanges to happen in the crowd. Stella McCartney put the great Sir Paul McCartney on a video call with President Macron and the First Lady and that was a big highlight for him from the evening I guess. The honest, giddy smiles seen in the selfies taken from that night are adequate proof that the dinner was a success. He recollects, We were all taking the group photographs and calling Anna Wintour to pose with us, but she humbly turned us down, You guys get a picture clicked I'm not a designer,' she said. Now that President Macron and the First Lady are currently touring the country, they made it a point to meet with the designers again. More on their tour, here.
At the beginning of February, Teen Vogue announced its new executive editor, Samhita Mukhopadhyay. The news came just three months after Radhika Jones was appointed editor-in-chief of Vanity Fair. Both women are the first Indian Americans to hold their respective titles at these prestigious publications, blazing new trails for desis in media and advancing desi representation in general. Mukhopadhyay, 39, was the former senior editorial director of culture and identities at Mic.com, the former executive editor of Feministing.com, and, as we learned, her roots in social justice date back to her years as a teenager. We sat down with Mukhopadhyay at Teen Vogue's headquarters in New York City to discuss her new role, her advice for Indian-origin teenagers, and her relationship with Indian culture. Tell me about your career arc and how you arrived at Teen Vogue. I have a women's studies undergraduate and graduate degree, so I started pretty young in terms of being really invested in women's issues and feminist issues. Even as a teenager I was always calling out my parents on double standards they had for me and my brother, like, Why does he not have to do work in the kitchen and I have to do work in the kitchenI'm not doing work in the kitchen! Probably the most monumental thing in my career was when I started blogging at Feministing in 2005. At the time, I was working as a substitute school teacher and involved in social justice, but not really sure what I wanted to do. So I started blogging on top of working and, basically, through that got my first book deal. And then I spent the next couple of years going between freelance writing and working a lot in digital strategy. I've worked on several jobs that involved taking people's content strategies and figuring out how to really engage people online with them. So it was kind of a natural fit to come to a place like Teen Vogue where they're at the intersection of activism and this growing young population who are very invested in social and political issues, and has done really groundbreaking work on that. But also pivoting in terms of how to really make it impactful in the digital space. What is your vision for, say, six months down the line? What will Teen Vogue look like under your leadership? I'm really committed to and interested in expanding and deepening our political coverage. I think we've done an amazing job in terms of covering a vast array of topics and really claiming our space in that, and gaining some respectability in that space. I'd like to see us elevate more stories of the young people who are leading these initiatives. Right now we're working with several of the survivors from Parkland [Florida]. We published an op-ed from someone who survived last weekend. And really learning that young people trust our brand enough to bring us their stories, and that we'll do a good job with them. So, I hope to see a lot more of that. I'm also really interested in profiling the teens who are nowthere are teens running for office across the country and who are getting involved in the political process. Also balancing [content] with, you know, people want to be fashionable, they want to be, like, it's OK to take selfies and look cute in them with your political quotes. I love our style and beauty coverage. I'm so impressed with it, and I want to see us doing more of that. My vision for six months is that we take over the senate and the house [laughs]. You mentioned op-eds. Are there other things you're currently working on that you're excited about? We're working on a series of investigative pieces around gun violence in the country. I think there's many pieces of the debate that are coming out right now that we're not talking about in concrete enough terms and the issues we're not talking about are, like, toxic masculinity, and being exposed to violent behaviour, and all of these other kind of societal ills that lead to these moments, and so we want to dig into that debate. What is the biggest misconception about teenagers today? That they only care about selfies. That they're vain. And they're always texting and on their phones, which they are, but so are we. People of all ages are on their phone all the time. And that they're not engaged politically. We're now dealing with the youngest group of millennials and, if anything, we're into Gen Z. Millennials are criticised the same way, yet they are out here changing the world. They are some of the most innovative people in the economy; they're leaders in political movements. There's so much exciting stuff happening, and I think the same is true [for teenagers]. Now they're educated and they have social media and they're ready to take on those powers. What are the major issues impacting teens today? I can speak for Teen Vogue readers, I think more so than [all] teens. I was obsessed with New Kids on the Block when I was a teenager. Jordan Knight: I still follow him on Instagram [laughs]. So, obviously, they're very interested in pop culture and love Beyonc and Rihanna and all of the same things that teens of every generation have always been interested in. But of the things I have noticed is that they're very interested in gender identity. Even working at an office that's a younger office, I'm finding the comfort with gender fluidity and being really cognisant of peoples preferred gender pronouns. These are things that I haven't seen in older work environments. They're very interested in gender expression, gender nonconformity, and trans visibility. I've noticed a lot of interesting cultural appropriation and making sure you're always tracing things to the right root and understanding whether it's appropriate or not to do something. You mentioned Teen Vogue's readership, and not necessarily being able to speak to all teens. How representative is Teen Vogue's readership of teens in general? I think fairly representative. Even just in that we have a sizeable readership and that we have a lot of teens who really look up to the brand as aspirational, which is exciting and really why I came here. But I do think we are very cutting edge; if you look at other teen publications, they don't focus and prioritise politics and social justice in the same way. That's not to say that Teen Vogue readers and our staff don't also love makeup and heels and dresses and all of thatwe do. But I do think that because Teen Vogue really prioritising the social justice themes has developed a devout audience for us, but it's a specific audience. What advice do you have for teenagers and, more specifically, desi teenagers? Don't listen to your parents. It will work out OK [laughs]. Yeah, no, my advice to all teenagers is to stay woke. I think there has to be, more than ever, ways for us to stay optimistic, because it can feel very overwhelming how many things we have to worry about right now outside of your day-to-day anxiety of, like, Is he going to text me back, which is a real thing. There's climate change, there's Trump in the White House, there's just so many things to be anxious about right now. So finding ways to stay optimistic and to be innovative in a time when things are a little bit chaotic. Because in that chaos there's also possibility, and that's why I'm so inspired by teens, because I do feel like they are so creative amidst all the chaos. Specifically for desi teenagers, I would really like to see some leadership in the South Asian community talking more openly about the relationship between police brutality and black racism, and Asian American exceptionalism and the model minority myth. I'm so disappointed to see how many South Asian actors and actresses and spokespeople are silent on a lot of those issues. I do think that connection really needs to be made, because often I find that as a South Asian woman people will say, Oh, well, we have a woman of colour spokesperson for this. Privilege is the wrong wordbut I have that kind of social acceptability without it being interrogated in terms of like, What were the privileges that I experienced that are different than if I were black or latino, or came from a poorer community or didn't have access to the same kind of education? I worry about that. My parents were immigrants and they had to work so hard to get us to school and do all of that; they did internalise this myth that they were somehow better than other minorities. I worry about how that impacts another generation. One of the things I loved about Aziz Ansari's Master of None was his relationship with Lena in it. I talked to one of my dear friends Rashad Robinson [American civil rights spokesperson] and we talked about how black and Indian relationships are never on television, but they are these really important friendships because often you might both be growing up in predominantly white areas where you don't have another person of colour, so your bestie will end up being the other person of colour in that school. Let's talk about your relationship with India. Growing up, you split your time between India and the United States. Can you speak to that and your current-day relationship with Indian culture? I'm Bengali. Like, I'm such a Bengali [laughs]. Whenever I tell people I'm a writer and I'm Bengali they're like, We're not surprised. I did spend a lot of time in India as a child. My parents went back and forth a lot. We come from a huge family, so I have over 60 cousins, and a bunch of them actually live in the States now. I have a very complex relationship with Indian culture. Because the core of my work has been gender identity and sexuality, I have not always appreciated what some of the cultural traditions have been. I am aware enough to know that they're not unique to Indian culture, and that's why I'm not like, You're uniquely more sexist than your white counterparts, because I think that's a myth. But that said, in my own experience, my father is still upset that I'm not married yet; he doesn't understand it. Or when I go to India they're kind of like, Oh, you're just the woman-child. We're not interested. But my brother gets all this attention and all this interest, and that kind of sexism that's really embedded in the culture [is what] I was very critical of. But, I also think it's an ancient culture with a lot of different perspectives, and they have amazing, amazing feminist movements in India. So I came up on South Asian feminists, like Chandra Mohanty and Gayatri Spivak. That allowed me to dig back into my South Asian roots, because I did feel very alienated when I had this very strong gender analysis, but I didn't see other people who looked like me in the feminist movement. So [I tried] finding other ways in; for me it was really black feminism and Indian feminism that brought me back into it to really look at and understand my mother's life or my grandmother's life. And so I feel really proud to be an Indian, and I feel really inspired by what a robust, vast, and complex culture it is, and all the possibilities that are there. Who are some Indians you look up to? I do look up to Mindy [Kaling]. I think she's a really talented joke writer. She broke into an industry that was really hard to break into as a woman, let alone a woman of colour, let alone a dark-skinned woman of colour who's not skinny. I'm really inspired by the Blank Noise project. It's these women who are doing public actions in India where they physically take up space to show that women are allowed to own and have their own physical space. They'll go into a crowded market spaceit's like a flash mob, but they just stand still and they won't move, and so you have to walk around them. It's a protest but it's also performance art around owning your own space and owning your own body. It's a response to street harassment and sexual assault. What strides would you like to see the Indian community make in the next few years? I would like to see more [South Asians] being more vocal politically. Not just in terms of solidarity with other ethnic groups, but I would like to see usand this is both South Asians and Asiansyou know, when something like the Muslim ban happens I would like to see the South Asian community come together and say, No, absolutely not. Or, God forbid there's another attack on a Sikh temple, for their immediate response to not be, Oh, but we're not muslims. Because we need the next sentence. We need to say, Who cares if we're muslims? None of us should experience this kind of violence. And I would like to see more visibility. I'm glad Mindy Kaling is out there, but she's just one person. I would like to see more South Asianwomen in particularcreators being in charge of their own narratives.
The world is now learning about what the forefathers in India and the Eastern countries knew all alongthe healing power of crystals. The Guardian recently reported a 40 per cent increase in Google search for crystal healing. So while we here in India (at least a majority of us) have been carrying our crystals with us for luck, good health, safety, abundance and more for years, it's now the turn of international celebrities. From adding them to interiors to carrying them in their bags or wearing them as accessories or in beauty products and water, crystals have been fast gaining popularity the world over. Leading the pack, of course, is none other than Lady Gaga. Known for her unique sense of clothing as well as videos, as early at 2013, the singer who has more than 40 million twitter followers, stripped down and hugged a giant quartz crystal in Kickstarter'. During the filming, the songstress apparently learnt how she could use crystals for healing. Other celebs too have been taken in by the apparent healing power of these gemstones, including British singer/songwriter Adele (according to the Guardian, she attributed her hiccups at last year's Grammy's to losing her precious collection), Victoria and David Beckham, Katy Parry and many others who never forget to travel without their crystals. In the last few years, given the rising stress levels across the globe, wellness has taken on a new meaning and has become a big priority. Concepts like crystal healing, affirmations, Reiki and yoga in all its variations have become a part of this phenomenon. Far be it for the fashion industry to ignore this popular trend. Dior's cruise collection incorporated the Motherpeace' symbol and constellations, while at Vetements, long-lined coats now come embellished with horoscopes. According to the Guardian report, in keeping with the trends is ultraviolet, named the colour of 2018 by Pantone. UV, it says, represents the cosmos, the godly (papal purple), and the princely (um, Prince), and communicates originality, ingenuity and visionary thinking, says Leatrice Eiseman, executive director of the Pantone Color Institute. It's an in-between colour, open to interpretation. And it was on the catwalk at Marni, Martine Rose and Kenzo. Beauty houses, of course, are not far behind. Herbivore Botanicals has launched Rose Quartz and Jade crystal rollers. While they claim the former improves blood circulation, elasticity of the skin, promotes lymphastic drainage and reduces puffiness and wrinkles, the latter promises to cool, tighten and depuff your face in seconds. Then there are Miranda Kerr's Kora Organics beauty products, that are made from water filtered through rose quartz to give the vibration of self-love. While beauty guru Emily Weiss's Glossier skincare and make-up line has been steadily gaining clients since it first launched, what's drawing fans, including model Kate Moss, is her Haloscope highlighter stick, available in either Quartz or bronze Topaz, guaranteeing a luminous glow. While the West may be late to the party, they're certainly catching on fast to the mysticism of the East. First it was yoga, and now, it seems crystals is the new fascination.
Ever since entering India in 2015, H&M has expanded its sales points across the country to about 29 stores. But their biggest draw ever since the brand coming to India is the launch of their online store. Starting today, the high street retailer will make its ladies', men's, children's, H&M Sport, accessories and lingerie collections available to customers across the country via e-commerce. Payment will be accepted by cards and cash on delivery methods. In celebration of going online with their merchandise, customers will be able to avail of host of offers, including free delivery and discounts for sign ups. Known to address the needs of the shopper, keeping in mind current seasons and trends, H&M is currently stocked high with essentials for the summer. Floral separates, soft pastels, dainty lace, coordinates, espadrilles, sunglassesyour starter pack for the upcoming warmer months is available online now. Here's a look at the essentials you need.
Priyanka Chopra is one busy star. The actor has spent the past few weeks shooting for the new season of Quantico in New York, and as soon as she wrapped up her schedule for the TV series, Chopra was spotted flying out of the Big Apple for a getaway in Dubai. For her latest travels, Priyanka Chopra kept her look super sleek in skinny jeans, navy blue boots and a cosy black coat. Just like Priyanka Chopra yesterday, Malaika Arora made her way to the UAE as well. The star left Mumbai last afternoon in a look similar to Chopra's: perfectly tailored denims, ankle-length boots and oversized bag. Instead of a warm jacket, Malaika Arora kept her look more casual with a white Balmain T-shirt. Aditi Rao Hydari and Bella Hadid's red carpet-ready looks All this week, midnight blues have been a favourite with celebrities. After Kate Middleton and Meghan Markle stepped out together in navy dresses, Diana Penty made an appearance in a deep blue kurta set day before. And yesterday, Aditi Rao Hydari went with the classic hue for her evening out as well. The actor headed out for the Times Retail Icon Awards in a velvet Aegean blue gown by Namrata Joshipura, completing her look with a sleek low ponytail and embellished choker. Overseas, Bella Hadid favoured dark blue too. The model picked a Dior pantsuit in several shades of blue for her night out. Kriti Sanon colour blocks with blue Another star seen in blue yesterday was Kriti Sanon. But while Aditi Rao Hydari and Bella Hadid picked darker tones of the colour, Kriti Sanon kept her look last afternoon breezy with a powder blue shirt, paired with a canary yellow tea skirt. The actor paired her cheery summer outfit with black kitten heels and a handful of minimal gold rings. Lara Dutta Bhupathi goes the traditional route Barely a day goes by in Bollywood without a star or two stepping out in an envy-worthy Indian ethnic ensemble. Last evening, it was Lara Dutta Bhupathi who had wedding hoppers talking about her latest OOTD. The actor, who is a judge on a reality dance show, picked an eye-catching black Shivan & Narresh sari for her day on set. If you love intense embellishment, busy, vibrant florals and unique cuts, this sari is your perfect match.
As we head towards the warmer months, it's time get busy shopping for what's ahead. While you stock up on summer essentials, make sure you invest in some summer-perfect earrings. If you are not one to go with go bold or go home, skip statement pieces and invest in minimal earrings that may look simple, but speak fashion. Whether you are stepping out for a sundowner or planning your summer vacation looks, these elegant baubles will help you channel your vibe. Move away from chunky hoops and invest in Argento Vivo's sleek ones. Those looking to give a cool twist to their look can go with Miss Selfridge's pearl drop earrings. If you like standing out, invest in H&M's geometric pieves. While stepping out for a date night, elevate your evening look with Topshop's curved drop earrings. Get creative and elevate your date night look with Baublebar's Aliyah drop earrings. The best part? You don't have to take a deep dig in your pockets for these accessories. Here, we round up the 10 must have earrings to swing into the season with.
Fashion serves many purposes, varying from the functional to the purely aesthetic. An expression of one's creativity, it often allows the wearer to choose a reality that's aspirational. Delving into the concept of what holds us down and doesn't is captured using the best fit and flare pieces for visual series titled Gravity'. Acid greens are paired with contrasting yellows. Scuba-inspired bodysuits come with dainty tulle skirts for the ones who like to stand out. Red meets more of the hue in spirit of the more is more' ideology. Every day you choose what you hold onto. Is it your fear holding you down or is it technology that pulls you back? Is it the forced ties of superficial or is it a free flight of pure thought?, the creatives behind the visuals seem to ask. Scroll through the gallery to see more. Art director, creative director and photographer: Victoria Krundysheva. Stylist: Akshay Tyagi. Model: Kayaan Contractor. Hair: Justine Rae Mellocastro. Makeup: Eshwar Log. Assisted by: Aditya Saxena, Kiran Dharia
Audrey Hepburn called him a personality maker, the French knew him as Le Grand Hubert and he was revered internationally as one of the most famous names of haute couture. Hubert de Givenchy, the fashion designer and couturier behind the house of Givenchy, has died, aged 91. News of his passing was announced by his family via French news wire AFP on Monday. One of his most famous clients, and dearest friend, was Audrey Hepburn, whom Givenchy met when she was still a relatively unknown, underpaid actress. Offered the opportunity to choose her own wardrobe for the upcoming film Sabrina, she requested to see the couturier  la mode who, standing at a rangy 66, towered over the postwar Parisian fashion world both literally and figuratively. (French newspaper L'Express famously said Givenchy was to fashion what Franoise Sagan was to literature and Bernard Buffet to painting: successful, glamorous, gorgeous and very, very French.) Designing the slim-cut black jumpsuit and the strapless, embroidered organza gown immortalised in Sabrina, Givenchy forged a friendship with Hepburn that was to span seven subsequent films, creating some of the most iconic looks in cinematic history, including the black sheath dress worn by Hepburn in Breakfast at Tiffany's. In 2006, Givenchy plucked a version of the dress from his private collection, and sold it at Christie's, where, after a frantic bidding war, it fetched 467,200, which was donated to charity. Givenchy and Hepburn's alliance sparked a style so parroted that Cecil Beaton once remarked, acidly, nobody ever looked like her before World War II. Now thousands of imitations have appeared. The woods are full of emaciated young ladies with rat-nibbled hair and moon pale faces. Indeed, the actress and couturier were so close that the Funny Face star made him mediator of her will shortly before her death in 1993. Although their bond was unique, this was the golden age of couture, and the designer dressed scores of famous and beautiful women. He created the wardrobe for Jackie Kennedy's state visit to France in 1961, stitched Grace Kelly's emerald-green day dress and bolero jacket for a trip to Washington in the same year, and, in 1972, crafted the black coat the Duchess of Windsor wore to her husband's funeral. Givenchy didn't fall into this world of fame by virtue of just luck  he was helped along the way by another kind of fortune. Born in Beauvais, France, in 1927, he was the younger son of Batrice and Lucien Taffin de Givenchy, the marquis of Givenchy (who died when he was just two years old), and the grandson of Jules Badin, the director of the Gobelins tapestry works. Although his grandfather had a profound influence on Givenchy's artistic development, his fascination for fashion was piqued by his grandmother, who raised him with his mother, and used to grant him access to her cabinets full of fabrics as a reward for getting good grades at school. His imagination stirred, the young Givenchy would sketch wardrobe ideas for various heads of state, and later, fabric remained at the heart of his label; his favourite part of the design process was not the finished product, but the arrival of the materials at the beginning. Aged 17, Givenchy moved to Paris to study at the cole Nationale Suprieure des Beaux-Arts. Here he met the designer Jacques Fath, and started working for him the next day, rapidly learning the commercial advantages of having an international clientele. Cutting a deal with a manufacturer to make and sell a range of his designs in the U.S., Fath was the first French designer to break America. Has was one of many storied employers. Eighteen months later, Givenchy was hired by Robert Piguet, and within a year, moved to Lucien Lelong, where he worked alongside the still-unknown Pierre Balmain and Christian Dior. Here, he observed the machinations of a classic couture house in action, before completing the final leg of his training with Coco Chanel's rival, Elsa Schiaparelli, where he learned her trademark values of composition and elegance. In 1952, aged just 24, Givenchy opened his own couture house, and in February that year presented his debut collection, featuring the Bettina blouse, which became an early emblem of his youthful aesthetic. Named after the model Bettina Graziani, it had a wide collar, open neck and full, ruffled sleeves stitched with black embroidery and fitted with a row of small buttons. Despite shooting to fame in the middle of his twenties, Givenchy had the foresight to look beyond the allure of overnight success. He wanted to build a solid, sound house. I have a great responsibility to all the seamstresses, fabric weavers and button makers who depend on the haute couture shows for their bread, he said. Whilst upholding the couture industry's traditional emphasis on craft, Givenchy became known for his ability to reconceptualise classicism, understanding the need for women to feel comfortable and in control of their clothes. At the heart of his aesthetic was the revolutionary concept of separates: he slashed lavish ball-gowns into two so that his clients could change their outfits according to their mood. He teamed up with his idol, the Spanish designer Cristbal Balenciaga, and introduced a new silhouette called the sack, which loosely freed the previously cinched waistline. Givenchy's experiments with shape were weighted with a symbolism that is hard to understand today. Alongside Paris's other enfants terribles working in the years after the war, he was striving for beauty and form to try and move beyond the horrors that had passed, but remained pervasive. The power of his deft pairing of tradition with innovation captured the attention of fashion writers around the globe. M de Givenchy, three inches taller than Gen. Charles de Gaulle, has a dignity just as impressive, wrote New York Times journalist Phyllis Levin in 1960. Givenchy was not so effulgent. Alongside Balenciaga, he often refused journalists access to his collections until long after his clients had seen the clothes. He was not afraid of being criticised, or copied. Simply, he just didn't trust the press. The whole business has lost its equilibrium, he said. You would not send an inexperienced reporter to cover a fire or a trial or a sports event. It's wonderful that so many people find fashion newsworthy, but how few people are trained to cover the field. And those who were trained, he trusted even less, suspecting them of presiding over a magazine dictatorship, which saw editors influencing buyers, who in turn controlled what customers could buy. Consequently, three items of his collection would be coveted, rather than the whole. As the decades passed, Givenchy did not falter in his bold, pioneering approach. Beyond linking couture with Hollywood cinema, he anticipated the move towards celebrity endorsement when he made Hepburn the face of his fragrance. He launched the first ever luxury ready-to-wear line, put his name to menswear, accessories, and even the Lincoln Mark V Givenchy car, complete with a new, forward-place, front-vinyl roof. And, in 1988, he became one of the first ever designers to sell his house to a big corporation, before retiring under a decade later. The nonagenarian couturier outlived his contemporaries, and his brand continued to grow and function long after the concept of clothing as a direct relationship between couturier and client  the golden years of haute couture  had faded into the annals of history. He famously also became far richer than his clients, retiring to his estate a few hours south-east of Paris. Since then, he has been succeeded by the likes of John Galliano, Alexander McQueen and the Italian designer Riccardo Tisci, who is thought to have rescued the brand from the brink of bankruptcy by reframing Givenchy's contemporary spirit for a modern age, achieving notoriety for his emphasis on streetwear, sexy, high-octane shapes, and forming close relationships with high-profile celebrities, ranging from Madonna to Kanye West and Kim Kardashian. Exiting the brand in 2017, Tisci was replaced by Clare Waight Keller, whose success at Chlo stemmed from her ability to design coveted, wearable garments, and fast-selling accessories. Givenchy's descendants have all been luminous talents, each hallmarking the house with their own distinct stamp, but none, perhaps, have been able to eclipse his gift for using traditional tailoring to create pure, poetic clothes that empowered his clients so that, like Hepburn, they felt as if they could play the parts they wanted to be.
A whopping 80 per cent of women in India do not have access to sanitary napkins. To change this, The Souled Store, an online shopping platform, is collaborating with GiveHer5, a social initiative, to provide safe sanitary solutions to women in rural areas across India. The unavailability of sanitary napkins and lack of menstrual awareness not only makes it difficult to carry their basic tasks (statistics say that it causes girls and women lose up to five days of school or work a month), but also forces them to use unhygienic methods during their period. The e-store and the social initiative have worked together to create a range of merchandise, including T-shirts and badges, featuring 12 Roses Are Red' feminism-centric poems. The poems shed light on the different issues faced by women in their daily lives, including consent and gender equality. All proceeds from the sales of each T-shirt, priced at Rs 599, will fund one girl's yearly requirement of safe, reusable sanitary napkins. The #RosesAreRed is also being supported by a few celebrities and social influencers including Dia Mirza, Rahul Bose and Tanmay Bhat amongst the others. The limited edition of the T-shirts and badges will be available on Thesouledstore.com. Find more information here
As we step deeper into India's scorching summer, it's time to give heavy denims and cardigans a break for breezier silhouettes. Yesterday, Vaani Kapoor did just that, stepping out in two summer-ready looks you've got to see. First, the actor was spotted entering Mumbai's departure terminal in a simple grey kurta set (no fussy dupatta required) featuring minimal metallic embroidery. As the evening progressed, Vaani Kapoor was spotted at the launch of shoe brand Melissa's new store in Delhi, wearing a pretty floral dress by Hemant & Nandita. The asymmetric number's soothing palette (think blush pink, muted mustard, and a touch of forest green) made it the ideal pick for a lazy Sunday brunch this season. Ileana D'Cruz and Chitrangada Singh opt for pink Pink turned out to be one of Bollywood's favourite shades for the day yesterday. While Vaani Kapoor picked a printed number in salmon, Ileana D'Cruz promoted her next film, Raid, in a powder pink Tahweave ensemble that brought together checks and chunky stripes seamlessly. Picking a bolder version of the romantic hue, Chitrangada Singh stood out last night in a rani pink sari styled with shoulder-grazing gold earrings. Kareena Kapoor Khan, Kangana Ranaut and Kalki Koechlin keep it casual While Vaani Kapoor and Ileana D'Cruz kept busy, other Bollywood favourites used yesterday to relax. After hitting the gym in a comfy Levi's tee and leggings, Kareena Kapoor Khan changed into a fuss-free grey maxi and metallic sandals to visit BFF Amrita Arora Ladak at her residence with Taimur Ali Khan Pataudi in tow. Also favouring easy separates, Kalki Koechlin was spotted enjoying a day out wearing Marks & Spencer, and over in Jaipur, Kangana Ranaut paired her skinny jeans with a simple, yet impactful Gucci T-shirt. Swara Bhaskar's festive avatar One of the few Bollywood stars to go all-out in wedding-ready Indian ethnic wear last afternoon was Swara Bhaskar. Got a big wedding reception coming up? Don't miss the actor's earthy lotus-print Rimple & Harpreet Narula anarkali.
The spring runways reinvented makeup rulesthe wings spread wider, the colours shifted spaces, the glow got glowier. Forget sweet romanceit's the summer of bold, beautiful love. THE HOT HUES: RED AND PINK The two most classic colours in makeup are also the most clichd. Not just reserved for lips and nails anymore, they're now crossing over to uncharted territory. The shades showed up as beautiful washes on the eyes and got draped high on the cheeks, even mingled with a bit of glitter and gloss on spring runways. Valentino
From conquering the big screen with her debut superhero film Wonder Woman, to owing the red carpet, Gal Gadot is a star to reckon with. If playing the part of a fearless, fit warrior on screen wasn't enough, the actor has now come together with fitness lifestyle brand Reebok for their latest campaign. The Israeli actor and mother of two, who already embodies fitness in her daily life, joins the Reebok family alongside the likes of Ariana Grande, Gigi Hadid, and Victoria Beckham, and will be joining Reebok's growing coalition of empowering women all over the world. With a common belief of fitness for all, the star will not only inspire women to embrace a healthy lifestyle, but also to become the best version of themselves. Gadot will be seen in series of pictures conveying Rebook's Be More Human mantra for the campaign, shot by lifestyle photographer Collier Schorr.
What if a jar of beauty potion could not just beautify the woman who is using it but also empower the women who put together the jar? Wouldn't it be soul-soothing to know that the skincare and makeup that nourishes our skin is also nurturing the lives and confidence of women who are involved in its creation? Cruelty-free is a term which we find on many green beauty productswhat we are talking about is a step further. It is going beyond using organic ingredients and taking care to nurture local communities with employment opportunities within their ecosystem, tapping on their potential skills and strengthening the communities at the grassroots. It is being linked through the channels of beauty. In light of International Women's Day, we're shedding light on six beauty brands that are giving back. Innisfree and L'Occitane en Provence Innisfree, a much-loved Korean beauty brand captures the best of oriental beauty ingredients in its bottles while promoting Fair Trade'. This simply means they support environmentally sustainable practices that help in the preservation of the local communities and their cultures. Innisfree ensures fair trade with Halmang, the local elderly female residents, who pick up fallen camellia petals at Jeju Camellia village. This town brims with camellia trees as old as 400 years and has been designated as a natural monument of the island. So each time you use a product from the Innisfree Camellia skin and hair range, you are connecting with the ladies who are able to thrive joyously in their natural habitat. Similar is the story behind the wildly popular Shea butter range by L'Occitane en Provence. This rich, extremely luxurious cream which soothes the driest of skins is produced in collaboration with the women in Burkina Faso (one of the poorest countries in the world) with an objective of co-development. Besides providing them with employment opportunities, the L'Occitane Foundation empowers local women by aiding projects that promote literacy and entrepreneurship. Pahadi Local Closer home too, it's heartening to observe brands packing in natural beauty secrets, offering a lifestyle choice to consumers, to go for products that are gentler on the skin and environment. Pahadi Local, a niche line that is based on the goodness of the ingredients from the hills, was conceptualised as a sustainable beauty brand to help give back to the local communities. For the wellness tea range, the brand collaborates with women self-help groups from three villages in Leh & Nubra Valley. Lavender, rosehip, sea buckthorn and wild rose are collected over six months in these regions, cleaned, sun-dried and packed for further natural processing. Jessica Jayne, founder, Pahadi Local, elaborates, Housework is hard work in those altitudes, given almost no access to electricity and basic requirements like running water and fresh vegetables. But these women are a prime example of perseverance. While they keep their homes the best way they can, they also help each other and come together as a task force. The biggest take away while working with these kind and prudent women has been one of simplicity and humility. In January this year, the first Pahadi Empower community aid activity was conducted where Jayne purchased and installed solar heating equipment for the community centres used by these women. This way they have a place to be warm in the harsh winter months and take up vocational training or alternative work, which we are looking towards providing next year as well. Naturma In a similar vein, Naturma, co-founded by yoga and educational therapist, Shivani Shah, constantly upgrades the skills of local Aurovillians who are involved in the manufacturing process. Even before she started this organic beauty brand along with her husband Rakesh, she was deeply inspired by the sustainable philosophy of the founders of Aurovillea universal township in Tamil Nadu that aspires for human unity and conscious living. Through Naturma, the Shahs look forward to bring a positive change in society as many of their products are supplied by cottage industries or NGOs, which support local communities by providing employment and training to underprivileged workers. Alanna Alanna, another green beauty company, prides itself on sourcing all its ingredients from various parts of India and in the process, provides employment opportunities to women in socially backward zones. Every ingredient that goes into the making is sourced from Indian forests and farms making it a truly made in India initiative, informs the founder Rashi Bahel Mehra. It's a brand, founded by a woman, driven by women and for the woman. We have also started working with UNICEF to raise funds for their campaign of Girl Child Education. Ruby's Organics For Rubeina Karachiwalla, the goal was to support the concept of real beauty' by creating an organic makeup line with ingredients (like almond, avocado, jojoba oil, shea, cocoa, mango butter, beeswax and kaolin clay) that also had skincare benefits. It's not about the rat race for us, we just want to give you access to a better choice with Ruby's Organics, that's all, she says. She candidly admits that it was not a pre-meditated decision to give back but it's a part of the entrepreneurial journey she cherishes. Since these are products assembled by hand, our manufacturer in Umbergaon (Gujarat) employs women from the village panchayat, giving them the opportunity to earn a living. I am so proud of the little contribution I am able to make, adds Karachiwalla.
On the eve of this year's Golden Globes, as the world anxiously awaited a red carpet cloaked in black in support of the #TimesUp movement, New York Times fashion director Vanessa Friedman penned a column that offered a few suggestions for a similar demonstration at another awards ceremony: Maybe all the women wear pantsuits, she wrote. Indeed, it would be quite a statementand one that we have yet to see. Women wearing trousers on the red carpet are the exception, never the rule, even in the era of #MeToo. While Hollywood's most prominent stylists don't have a simple answer to explain the dearth of slacks, they do sense that the tide could be changing. Now, more than ever, women feel empowered. That feeling will inevitably be felt and seen in what they choose to wear, says Micaela Erlanger, who styled Meryl Streep for this year's Academy Awards, and is known for her work with Lupita Nyong'o. While dresses have been the classic choice, I anticipate seeing more trouser looks on the red carpet, Erlanger added. Elizabeth Saltzman, who styles Gwyneth Paltrow and Lady Bird star and nominee Saoirse Ronan, says, It's not a unisex clothing world just yet, that is still to come Why aren't men wearing more skirts or dresses? Implications for men's fashion aside, designer trousers are increasingly plentiful, and demand is correspondingly higher. Pants looks are always present in my fittings for my clients. They have become more of a staple in recent years, says celebrity stylist Brad Goreski, who works with Lea Michele. You can't expect your client to want to wear a dress to every single event. It's not realistic. My job as a stylist is to provide variety, the former star of The Rachel Zoe Project added. I have had much success with these looks and my clients feel sexy, chic and comfortable. This awards season has seen more trousers than any in recent memory. At the Golden Globes alone, highlights included The Crown's Claire Foy in a double-breasted Stella McCartney tuxedo, Debra Messing of in a dress-over-trousers design by Christian Siriano and Alison Brie's Vassilis Zoulias ensemble, which appeared to be a strapless, full-skirted gown, until she took a step to reveal slim trousers underneath. The ripple has been felt outside of the film industry too, with Anna Kendrick sporting a bustier with her high-waisted Balmain suit and rapper Eve going topless underneath her glittery Naeem Khan suit at the Grammys. But these still account for just a fraction of the collective looks. A pant look can be as chic as a gown, says stylist Jennifer Rade, whose clients include Angelina Jolie and Rumer Willis. There have been plenty of women who have worn pants to major red carpet events and show it can be done beautifully. Asked why more women don't do it, Rade said, I honestly don't know. But Christina Pacelli, who styles Laverne Cox and Danielle Brooks, has a theory. Perhaps trousers feel too casual or masculine to some, she posits. But styled and tailored the right way, this couldn't be more wrong! Those who do opt in do so for a variety of reasons. My clients embrace trousers because they feel confident, even powerful in them, not to mention they are super comfortable for the night, Pacelli added. Trousers also photograph well, she says, but come with their own challenges. Crepe, the fabric most often used in evening trousers, can wrinkle easily in the car on the way to the venue. And, much like determining a style of gown that complements a star's frame, finding a trouser with an appropriate cut and fit is extremely important. If my client is petite and five-feet tall, a wide-legged trouser will overwhelm her, Pacelli says. Instead we'll try a tailored cigarette cut or tapered cut. This isn't the first-time trousers have been trending at Hollywood's biggest event. Who can forget Barbra Streisand in 1969, clutching her statue for Funny Girl in those bell-bottomed sequin Scaasi trousers? Three years later Jane Fonda accepted her award for Klute in a black Yves Saint Laurent suit, while Diana Ross, nominated for Lady Sings the Blues, turned up to the 1973 ceremony wearing an ascot and silver satin suit by Bob Mackie and Ray Aghayan. Nearly two decades later, Jodie Foster won for her role in Silence of the Lambs in an Armani trouser suit accessorised with a Millennial pink jacket, satin gloves and a red AIDS awareness ribbon. It was a notable choice, especially given the part she won for and the tone of her acceptance speech, in which she thanked the Academy for embracing such an incredibly strong and beautiful feminist hero that I am so proud of. That said, trouser dressing at the Academy Awards isn't without potential pitfalls. Demi Moore's self-designed 1989 ensemble (lace-trimmed black bicycle shorts under a full-length metallic bustle skirt) polisn comes to mind, as does Celine Dion's oversized white tuxedo by John Galliano for Christian Dior which she wore backwards to the 1999 Oscars. Then there's Diane Keaton's 2004 ensemblea Ralph Lauren suit with vest, pinstripe trousers and a bombn bowler hata costume-y look that drew references to Charlie Chaplin. In the last decade, the red carpet has morphed into a beast of its own making, a high-stakes fantasy land, televised and instantly dissected by millions on social media. Brands compete, and in some cases, pay for the exposure. Bestand worstdressed lists abound. So is it any surprise crowd-pleasing gowns have taken over? While the events of the last six months have provoked a very public reassessment of red carpet dressing, it's a backlash that has been brewing for some time, and for years now critics have been demanding journalists ask actresses more than what they're wearing. Perhaps unsurprisingly, trousers started to reappear around the same time, a nod to the garment's innate links to feminist resistance. Emma Watson stunned at the 2014 Golden Globes in a red Dior couture dress, with an open back that revealed a pair of slim, black trousers, while a year later, on the same carpet, Emma Stone wore a Lanvin jumpsuit. The beaded top, oversize bow-cum-sash and tailored black trousers landed Stone on many best-dressed lists. Today, women are not only wearing trousers, they are talking about their choices, too. I love dresses. I'm not trying to protest dresses, said Evan Rachel Wood on the 2017 Golden Globes red carpet while wearing a custom Altuzarra tuxedo. But I wanted to make sure that young girls and women know they aren't a requirement. You don't have to wear one if you don't want to.
Whether exploring the streets of Japan, soaking up the sun in Seychelles or spending Sunday with a (not so) casual picnic with their crew, designer duo Shivan Bhatiya and Narresh Kukreja have mastered the art of bringing an inordinate level of style to just abut everything they do. Any millennial bride vying for that cool girl' title already knows that theirs are the only ensembles acceptable for her poolside mehandi in Bali or honeymoon in Puerto Rico. But why limit the designers' signature flair only to the wardrobe? With the launch of Shivan & Narresh Celebrations, you can have them design not just your Instagram-friendly outfit, but also the soiree you'd like to wear it for. The duo gives Vogue VIP access to this, never-ending carnival of gregariousness. Excerpts from an email interview, below. What is Shivan & Narresh Celebrations all about? Shivan & Narresh Celebrations looks into the complete design element of all your wedding ceremonies as well as milestone celebrations, be it birthdays or anniversaries. We become design directors for the entire celebration, stringing together the smallest of details harmoniously so that there is a cohesive aesthetic flow from one occasion to another. It commences from designing the decor (that goes beyond the template of decorative flowers and fancy table settings), invites and wedding cards, and curating the dining and cocktail bar menus to other significant details, attires for the families and creating personalised experiences. Why did you decide to enter event design? As designers, we are always searching for a larger-than-life canvas to express our creativity in its ultimate entirety. This thought set the foundation of Shivan & Narresh Celebrations, where we design a full celebration that encompasses a 360-degree design view of the entire event. What is the idea behind every Shivan & Narresh celebration? The idea is to illustrate an alternative modern elegance that defines the millennial Indian design aesthetic, well beyond royal yesteryear glory or a hangover of palatial India. Millennial families today are culturally secure enough to identify with modern design sensibilities while still staying in touch with their roots. Our job is to seamlessly marry the two, and find a creative language that relates to the novelty of current times. We aim to bring out this essence of traditional India wrapped in modern minimalism and sophistication. Tell us about the most recent wedding you've designed. We designed all the five events for a couple in New Delhi, including a vibrant engagement brunch, a Sufi welcome dinner, mehandi brunch, cocktail sundowner, and a decadent wedding and reception. The idea was to make every event independent in its flavour and experience. One of our personal favourites was the cocktail evening, where we used the brand's signature skeinwork aesthetic in a three-dimensional spatial fashion. Illustrated with more than one million gold pellets that were suspended from the ceiling like a swoosh in a galactic sky, it created a magnificent impact. For their brunch, we made all 400 guests walk through an 18ft tall green labyrinth maze before they ended up at the main venue where the ceremony was to take place. This entire experience became a huge talking point during the party. How has the taste of the modern Indian couple evolved? The modern Indian couple today is constantly on the lookout to add experiences to their wedding to make it truly enjoyable. They want to be involved in the ceremonies as much as their guests, rather than sitting like an old portrait throughout their own wedding. They want to break away from run-of-the-mill designs. So while they want the wedding to be the biggest extravaganza of their lives and the talk of the town, their approach is minimalistic rather than maximalist. For instance, traditional wedding cards are being replaced by state-of-the-art fashion pieces to infuse a sense of contemporary style to the official wedding memento. Twinning is another big trend today where the bride and groom are open to wearing the same colour, design or print during one or all their ceremonies. Frenymoons are hugely catching up as well.
As the ceremonies that preceded the Oscars 2018 this season predicted, Gary Oldman and Frances McDormand took home the major acting prizes of the night, while The Shape Of Water scooped up Best Film (along with three more of its 13 nominations). McDormand gave a high-octane speech, getting all of the female nominees in the room on their feet as she accepted the trophy for Best Actress to rapturous cheers from the audience. Jordan Peele, too, received an outpouring of support in the auditorium and on social media as he was given the award for Best Original Screenplay for Get Out, making him the first black writer to win in that category. See the Oscar 2018 winners in full, below. Best Picture The Shape of Water  WINNER Call Me by Your Name Darkest Hour Dunkirk Get Out Lady Bird Phantom Thread The Post Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri Best Lead Actor Gary Oldman, Darkest Hour  WINNER Timothe Chalamet, Call Me by Your Name Daniel Day-Lewis, Phantom Thread Daniel Kaluuya, Get Out Denzel Washington, Roman J. Israel, Esq. Image: Getty Best Lead Actress Frances McDormand, Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri  WINNER Sally Hawkins, The Shape of Water Margot Robbie, I, Tonya Saoirse Ronan, Lady Bird Meryl Streep, The Post Best Supporting Actor Sam Rockwell, Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri  WINNER Willem Dafoe, The Florida Project Woody Harrelson, Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri Richard Jenkins, The Shape of Water Christopher Plummer, All the Money in the World Best Supporting Actress Allison Janney, I, Tonya  WINNER Mary J. Blige, Mudbound Lesley Manville, Phantom Thread Laurie Metcalf, Lady Bird Octavia Spencer, The Shape of Water Image: Rex Features Best Director The Shape of Water, Guillermo del Toro  WINNER Dunkirk, Christopher Nolan Get Out, Jordan Peele Lady Bird, Greta Gerwig Phantom Thread, Paul Thomas Anderson Best Animated Feature Coco  WINNER The Boss Baby The Breadwinner Ferdinand Loving Vincent Best Animated Short The Silent Child  WINNER DeKalb Elementary The Eleven O'Clock My Nephew Emmett Watu Wote/All of Us Best Adapted Screenplay Call Me by Your Name, James Ivory  WINNER The Disaster Artist, Scott Neustadter & Michael H. Weber Logan, Scott Frank & James Mangold and Michael Green Molly's Game, Aaron Sorkin Mudbound, Virgil Williams and Dee Rees Best Original Screenplay Get Out, Jordan Peele  WINNER The Big Sick, Emily V. Gordon & Kumail Nanjiani Lady Bird, Greta Gerwig The Shape of Water, Guillermo del Toro, Vanessa Taylor Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri, Martin McDonagh Best Cinematography Blade Runner 2049, Roger Deakins  WINNER Darkest Hour, Bruno Delbonnel Dunkirk, Hoyte van Hoytema Mudbound, Rachel Morrison The Shape of Water, Dan Laustsen Best Documentary Feature Icarus  WINNER Abacus: Small Enough to Jail Faces Places Last Men in Aleppo Strong Island Best Documentary Short Subject Heaven is a Traffic Jam on the 405  WINNER Edith+Eddie Heroin(e) Knife Skills Traffic Stop Best Live-Action Short Film Dear Basketball  WINNER Garden Party Lou Negative Space Revolting Rhymes Best Foreign Language Film A Fantastic Woman (Chile)  WINNER The Insult (Lebanon) Loveless (Russia) On Body and Soul (Hungary) The Square (Sweden) Best Film Editing Dunkirk, Lee Smith  WINNER Baby Driver, Jonathan Amos, Paul Machliss I, Tonya, Tatiana S. Riegel The Shape of Water, Sidney Wolinsky Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri, Jon Gregory Best Sound Editing Dunkirk, Alex Gibson, Richard King  WINNER Baby Driver, Julian Slater Blade Runner 2049, Mark Mangini, Theo Green The Shape of Water, Nathan Robitaille Star Wars: The Last Jedi, Ren Klyce, Matthew Wood Best Sound Mixing Dunkirk, Mark Weingarten, Gregg Landaker, Gary A. Rizzo  WINNER Baby Driver, Mary H. Ellis, Julian Slater, Tim Cavagin Blade Runner 2049, Mac Ruth, Ron Bartlett, Doug Hephill The Shape of Water, Glen Gauthier, Christian Cooke, Brad Zoern Star Wars: The Last Jedi, Stuart Wilson, Ren Klyce, David Parker, Michael Semanick Best Production Design The Shape of Water  WINNER Beauty and the Beast Blade Runner 2049 Darkest Hour Dunkirk Best Original Score The Shape of Water, Alexandre Desplat  WINNER Dunkirk, Hans Zimmer Phantom Thread, Jonny Greenwood Star Wars: The Last Jedi, John Williams Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri, Carter Burwell Remember Me from Coco, Kristen Anderson-Lopez, Robert Lopez  WINNER Mighty River from Mudbound, Mary J. Blige Mystery of Love from Call Me by Your Name, Sufjan Stevens Stand Up for Something from Marshall, Diane Warren, Common This Is Me from The Greatest Showman, Benj Pasek, Justin Paul Best Make-up and Hair Darkest Hour  WINNER Victoria and Abdul Wonder Woman Best Costume Design Phantom Thread  WINNER Beauty and the Beast Darkest Hour The Shape of Water Victoria and Abdul Best Visual Effects Blade Runner 2049  WINNER Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 Kong: Skull Island Star Wars: The Last Jedi War for the Planet of the Apes
Oscars 2018 is undoubtedly one of the most awaited nights in the film industry, for the decadent red carpet and the winners alike. Every year, some of the best films and the people behind those films come together to celebrate cinema from around the world. Held at the Dolby Theatre in Hollywood, Los Angeles, this year, the night is being hosted by American late night television host and comedian Jimmy Kimmel. Of course, the arrivals started way before the actual ceremony, and the red carpet looked as beautiful as ever. The Oscars 2018 red carpet this year included everyone from Jennifer Lawrence, Emma Stone and Nicole Kidman to Jane Fonda, Lupita N'yongo, Margot Robbie, Zendaya and Sandra Bullock. Oscars 2018: Standout hairstyles As every year, we spotted a number of stunning hair and makeup looks on the red carpet. Celebrities were seen in hairstyles including romantic side buns, classic Hollywood waves, hair turbans (we're looking at you, Rita Moreno), a straight blowout courtesy Emma Stone, big, open curls by Jennifer Lawrence, sleek top knot by Zendaya and a lot of middle-parted hairstyles too. Oscars 2018: Best makeup looks For makeup, the Oscars 2018 red carpet attendees opt for a lot of soft, nude lips in both beige and pink tones. When it comes to bright lips, Eiza Gonzalez chose a fresh matte orange, Salma Hayek and Taraji P Henson wore berry hues, St Vincent paired her all black outfit with a classic red, Jennifer Lawrence chose a dusty coral and Gal Gadot and Nicole Kidman chose brick red lipstick as their winner. Check out the gallery below for a look at all the hair and makeup looks from the Oscars 2018 red carpet. Also read:
It was over a year ago that Riccardo Tisci announced his departure from Givenchy, a label he had helmed for nearly 12 years, making him the longest-serving creative director since Hubert de Givenchy himself. For the last few months, besides a Nike collaboration, Tisci, the man behind our current cover star's wedding dress, has disappeared from the scene, making fashion insiders constantly debate his future plans. The conjecture can now be laid to rest. Tisci, now succeeds Christopher Bailey at the heritage British brand Burberry. It was a surprise announcement to say the least. After all, Tisci was the man responsible for putting Rottweilers and Bambi on a sell-out series of T-shirts and bags; making the sweatshirt one of most pivotal items in the modern woman's closet; and in many ways is responsible for bringing a strong street wear edge to high fashion. His Givenchy was a far cry from Audrey Hepburn's beloved houseit was dark, gothic, subversive and always pushing boundaries. While across the Channel at Burberry, Christopher Bailey's 17-year tenure was no less disruptive. Tasked with reviving the heritage English brand known for its classic trench coats and that signature plaid, Bailey redefined what Burberry signified to the country, and then the world at large. He subverted tradition (there was no room for the stiff upper lip, though always space for a tinge of English nostalgia!); brought in young Britannia and the coolest Brit artists; embraced technology with live tweeting and streaming his shows; heralded see now, buy now' as a concept, and also took on a dual role of CEO of the mega-brand. In his finale, he sent down the house's signature plaid awash in rainbow huesa nod to the LGPTQ+but also seemed to allude to new beginnings. So what will Tisci's Burberry look like? How will an Italian put his own spin on a brand that synonymous with its Brit appeal? Predictions range from a strong accessories focus, Tisci's darker take on the house's signature, and a strong injection of street. And of course, in signature Tisci fashion, a guarantee of a Sherlock Holmes-worthy twist.
SANJEETA BHATTACHARYA, 21 Image: Pritiza Barua If Sanjeeta Bhattacharya ever has nerves about sharing the stage with seasoned musicians, you wouldn't know it from her confident performances. It might also have something to do with the fact that she's been coached by marquee names such as Pt Birju Maharaj, Sunanda Sharma and Saswati Sen in Hindustani classical and Kathak. Ever since she returned from the prestigious Berklee College of Music last September, the vocalist has ticked Magnetic Fields Festival, NCPA International Jazz Festival, ICCR Jazz Festival and Goa International Jazz Festival off her list. Plus, she kicked off 2018 with the International Jazz Fest in Panama. On other days, she can be found sharing the bill with acts like PocoLoco (ft Pradyumna Singh Manot, one of India's leading piano players), Latination (pretty much the only Latin jazz act in India) or with Delhi's The December Quartet. She's an old soul if you consider the music she gravitates tostandards by Ella Fitzgerald, Aretha Franklin or the classically-trained jazz singer and bassist Esperanza Spalding. Even her current favouritesBrazilian master guitarist Guinga or singer-songwriter Milton Nascimento, who has collaborated with veterans like Quincy Jones and Herbie Hancockmix classic with contemporary. It's the kind of stuff that feeds into her indie-acoustic solo project, which doesn't rigidly conform to a genre like the ensembles she performs with. My upcoming EP, on which I'm collaborating with artists from India and abroad, is titled Yatra, and should be out next month. It will be trilingual (English, Spanish and Bengali) with tunes inspired by people who have left a mark in my life, including my partner, my grandmother and the late Karan Joseph. Spin This: Keep Doing You' ft Kaushik Manikandan NABANITA SARKAR, 22 Image: Pritiza Barua With her year-old band No Strings Attached, Sarkar taps a lesser- known cousin of country musicbluegrasswhich weaves in jazz elements with its Scottish folk roots. It is the first and only bluegrass project from India featuring a mandolin and two guitars. We are very inspired by American folk, bluegrass, country and jazz, and got together to make the genre more accessible, says the 22-year-old singer. The Kolkata-based artiste, who started training in Indian classical at age 5, can cover the spectrum from country and jazz to Eastern classical and progressive rock with ease. She covers Sinatra's Girl from Ipanema' with the same effortlessness that you sense on her upbeat cover of the old-fashioned bluegrass hymn I'll Fly Away'. And she'll revisit Chet Baker, Wes Montgomery, Louis Armstrong and Mose Allison from time to time for inspiration. Having performed at Ziro Festival Of Music,she hopes to play more venues this year. Plus her band's looking to record originals and, hopefully, work on more homegrown videos for us to binge on. Spin This: Storms Are On The Ocean' by No Strings Attached/'I'll Fly Away' SMITI MALIK, 28 Image: Pritiza Barua Delhi-based instrumental quartet Kitchensink wasn't actively looking for a singer but when founder- guitarist Adhir Ghosh started jamming with Malik, the extension seemed organic. The 28-year-old is nothing if not prolific, anchoring not one but three music projects consistentlyKitchensink, an improv- heavy act that converses with music; Chayan & Smiti, an indie-acoustic duo; and her freshest band, Funkoffeenado, which takes jazz standards and rearranges them to suit the tombak, a Persian percussive instrument. On Kitchensink's upcoming album, her songs are equal parts personal and relatable. Funny Girl' deals with the pressures of how one ought to be, while The Fall' goes over the struggle to constantly prove yourself. I write from personal experience but leave some room for the listener to project, she says. It was over one summer in 12th grade that she started her deep dive into jazz, and she continues to be inspired by Nina Simone, Rachael Price and Cyrille Aimee, artists who are incredibly relevant and have levelled the playing field. Spin This: The Fall' by Kitchensink SHREYA BHATTACHARYA, 24 Image: Pritiza Barua Bengali horror movies and jazz in India don't have much in common except vocalist Shreya Bhattacharya, who also happens to have a knack for SFX make-up! For the Mumbai vocalist, music was never Plan A, it was animation. But that turned around quickly in 11th grade, after she was picked to lead a choir for a 500-strong audience. Soon, she enrolled into the Swarnabhoomi Academy of Music in Chennai, where she met her bandmate and bassist Avishek Dey. The two formed Beer Puppets, which swings between jazz, gospel, R&B, soul and funk. Bhattacharya's powerful range is best witnessed as her band revisits and rearranges tracks by Robert Glasper, Thundercat, Nicholas Payton, Wayne Shorter and even Mary J Blige. She's performed with many leading lights, including pianist-composer Karim Ellaboudi (Sudan), multi-instrumentalist Anthony Cammarota (USA), drummer-composer Aron Nyiro (Hungary) and piano virtuoso the late Karan Joseph (India). Having performed at festivals in Galle and Colombo, she most recently took stage at the Hyderabad Jazz Festival last December. Spin This: Her cover of Gonna Be Alright',original by Robert Glasper and Ledisi Anibade Young MANA DHANRAJ CONTRACTOR, 29 Image: Pritiza Barua A self-professed late bloomer, 29-year-old Contractor is making amends. With her school Music Education and Life Arts (MELA) in Bengaluru, she gives up-and-coming artists the kind of music education she hopes she had received. As a musician, we are always struggling to find attentive and aware audiences. Part of the aim at MELA is to create a community of musicians and music lovers, she says. When she's not singing or teaching, Contractor works with music festivals and even manages artistes. In 2013, she formed her band Chandbibi and the Waste Candidates. On their album Tidy Funk (2014), she draws you in with her scat-singing, creating textures and loops with her voice. She's equally enchanting on stripped-down, piano-driven jazz standards, which she performs as part of her duet project Tea For Two, with Joshua Costa. Catch her in her element at venues like Bengaluru's The BFlat Bar or Delhi's The Piano Man Jazz Club, Depot29 or Depot48, that she says put an effort into creating a space with the musician in mind. Spin This: Mallika' by Chandbibi and the Waste Candidates
Best known for their bridal couture, designer duo Shyamal and Bhumika Shodhan's eponymous label has been an ethnic wear favourite with fashionistas across the world for thirteen years now. With an immense online presence and two physical stores in Ahmedabad and Mumbai each, the brand is all set to make its presence felt in Delhi with a new flagship store. The new store is located at the sophisticated fashion and luxury destination of Delhi, the DLF Emporio mall in Vasant Kunj, and is specially designed to reflect the brand's unique traditional aesthetic. Taking inspiration from their hometown Ahmedabad, Shyamal and Bhumika have developed the new store's interior to resemble an old haveli replete with wall carvings and ornate mirrors. The store is expected to offer the latest menswear and womenswear collections from the brand, including the celebrated spring couture collections Wonderland' and Serenades of Spring.' The much anticpated Autumn/Winter 2018 collection will also be launched at the store, right after being shown at Amazon Fashion Week this month. Shyamal & Bhumika, 343, 2nd Floor, DLF Emporio, Vasant Kunj, New Delhi
Oftentimes, in the pursuit of happiness, we reach for everything around us. Something or someone that can provide temporary comfort. But really, the key to finding true happiness is to look within, We look for happiness in everything outside of us as opposed to inside of us. Happiness is inside out as opposed to outside in, says Jay Shetty, motivational speaker and urban monk'. But how, really, does one reach that state of mind without relying on external factors? Here, Shetty lists down his formula for happiness, and little exercises to be done daily to reach a calmer, happier state of being 1) Make a real effort to invest quality time in people who uplift you. They could be in-person, books or online. 2) Try to perform one random act of kindness a dayhelp someone who you're not expecting to help you back. 3) Don't try to change people. Accept them the way they are and focus on changing yourself. 4) It is okay to outgrow people who are not growing. 5) Focus on learning. Try and read one page of a book every day that inspires you and helps you be more positive. 6) Focus on the little wins and progress you make. Reflecting on where you are every month in different areas of relationships, work, love, purpose, etc. You won't feel you have progressed in all of them, but will notice the areas where you have with more appreciation. 7) Buy experiences not things. Go to a meditation retreat/course, learn a new skill, take on a new hobby or passion. We think things will be the answer but they never are. In the journal Psychological Science, Gilovich and Killingsworth, along with Cornell doctoral candidate Amit Kumar, expanded on the current understanding that spending money on experiences provide[s] more enduring happiness. 8) Don't check your email first thing in the morning or last thing before bed. This approach was shared with me by Tim Ferriss (author of The 4-Hour Work Week) who says that email first thing derails your priorities for the day, and email right before sleeping gives you insomnia. 9) Learn to give (without expecting anything in return) and serve others. Bill Harbaugh, an economist at the University of Oregon, put volunteers in a functional MRI scanner (fMRI), and then told some volunteers they would sometimes give their earned money to charity, and other times keep it. When people were informed that they would be giving to charity, the areas of their brain associated with pleasure and reward lit upjust like they did when they got to keep it themselves. So, the act of giving is pleasurable. Other fMRI studies have shown that the act of cooperating, of lending support to others, gives us pleasure. 10) Expose yourself to videos, books, people and ideas that inspire you to become better and help you grow. 11) Every time you notice yourself living in default, start by replacing the negative action with a positive one. It will be difficult as you've been conditioned to a certain response but with practice, the right friends and constant learning in this area, you will start to see a shift. 12) Start going to mini courses, learning sessions, etc, that get you inspired and thinking.
This week, all eyes have been on Anushka Sharma. The actor, who has been busy travelling, returned to Mumbai a few days ago to spend some quality time with Virat Kohli. And before flying out of the city once again, Anushka Sharma took to her Instagram to share an adorable snapshot of herself giving her husband a kiss, which has already been liked close to 2,500,000 times. Always on-the-go, Anushka Sharma kept her latest travel look super comfortable. The star was seen entering Mumbai airport in a slogan T-shirt, cosy grey jacket, and ripped denims. Sharma added a finishing touch to her OOTD with black boots and a matching black backpack. Shilpa Shetty Kundra and Tabu go traditional Unlike Anushka Sharma, Shilpa Shetty Kundra went all-out in wedding-ready festive wear last evening. The actor seems to be having a big sari moment right now, and last night, she picked yet another version of the Indian favourite. After being seen in a white and gold Shantanu & Nikhil version of the drape, that cheery green Roshni Chopra and most recently, a charcoal grey 431-88, Shilpa Shetty Kundra stepped out in a shimmering gold Tarun Tahiliani sari last night. Along with Shetty Kundra, Tabu went the Indian route yesterday too. The actor attended a friend's wedding reception in Mumbai wearing a breezy peach anarkali, keeping her look simple with open locks and minimal makeup. Meghan Markle and Kate Middleton make a public appearance As we come closer and closer to Meghan Markle and Prince Harry's wedding date, the buzz around the newest member of the royal family is only growing. Yesterday, the bride-to-be was spotted out with her fianc in a pristine ivory coat, worn with a matching hat. As for mom-to-be Kate Middleton, yesterday's pick was an elegant navy blue coat dress. Disha Patani, Rani Mukerji and Neetu Kapoor's travel wardrobes Back in Mumbai, Anushka Sharma wasn't the only celebrity spotted jet setting last evening. The actor was joined at Mumbai airport by several Bollywood ladies. While Disha Patani boarded her flight in a simple tie-dye dress, oversized denim shirt and Puma slides, Rani Mukerji entered T2 wearing comfy jeans with a roomy khaki tunic and quirky shoes. One of the sleekest airport looks spotted at Mumbai airport had to be Neetu Kapoor's. Her pick yesterday: Perfectly tailored denims worn with a simple tee, duster jacket and loafers, all in black. Stacked bracelets and layered necklaces completed her on-flight look.
Sonakshi Sinha loves her lounge wear. Yesterday, the actor spruced up her travel wardrobe (which usually comprises of roomy sweatshirts and simple leggings) with a bright red Falguni Shane Peacock tracksuit patterned with tiny UFOs. True to her style, Sonakshi Sinha paired the quirky set with one of her New York Yankees baseball caps, and a pair of pristine white sneakers. Image: Viral Bhayani Priyanka Chopra joins Sonakshi Sinha in cosy tracks Another star spotted in so-comfortable-you-could-pass-out-in-them track pants yesterday was Priyanka Chopra. Completing her last few days of Quantico shooting in New York, the star shared a snapshot of herself in a crimson tracksuit paired with chunky white boots. Kareena Kapoor Khan and Malaika Arora twin at the gym Closer to home, Kareena Kapoor Khan and close friend Malaika Arora both spent their day yesterday sweating it out at the gym. Though the friends go to different places to work out, both were spotted in a similar colour scheme last afternoon: neon green tops worn over black leggings. While Malaika Arora paired her look with matching black sneakers and orange reflectors, Kareena Kapoor Khan picked a slogan tank top with lime green aviators and contrasting sneakers in pink and purple. Image: Viral Bhayani Diana Penty and Sussanne Khan's favourite new hue No matter what the occasion, neutral hues like black, white and blue will never stop working for Bollywood's best dressed crew. Just days after both Kate Middleton and Meghan Markle stepped out in shades of navy blue, Diana Penty and Sussanne Khan showed the fail-safe hue lots of love as well. At Mumbai airport, Diana Penty boarded her flight in a midnight blue kurta + palazzo set, and hours later, Sussanne Khan was spotted at an event wearing a button-down midi in the same hue. Overseas, Heidi Klum opted for navy as well. Did you miss the model's edgy Ralph & Russo number?
Just days after Sridevi's untimely demise this February, the late Bollywood icon's elder daughter, Janhvi Kapoor, turns 21 today. And to support her young cousin on her birthday, Sonam Kapoor has taken to her Instagram account to share a heartfelt message. Sonam Kapoor calls Janhvi Kapoor One of the strongest girls I know Shared just hours ago, Sonam Kapoor's birthday post for Janhvi Kapoor came captioned, To one of the strongest girls I know, who became a woman today. Happy birthday jannu. Earlier today, Janhvi Kapoor responded to her cousin on Instagram with much love. The post has also given fans of the Kapoor family a chance to share their best wishes with the birthday girl. Along with Sonam Kapoor, designer Manish Malhotra has also shared a message for Janhvi Kapoor today. The designer, who was known to share a special friendship with Sridevi, posted a throwback selfie of himself with both Janhvi Kapoor and Sridevi, saying, Happy birthday my dearest @janhvikapoor May God bless you with happiness, love, peace and just everything. Janhvi Kapoor's tribute to mother Sridevi Prior to her birthday, Janhvi Kapoor addressed the death of her mother with a moving note shared on her official Instagram profile last week. On my birthday, the only thing I ask of all of you is that you love your parents, Kapoor wrote. Me and Khushi have lost our mother but papa has lost his Jaan. She was so much more than just an actor and wife. She was the ultimate and the best in all these roles. It mattered a great deal to her to give love and get love She didn't understand frustration or malice or jealousy. So let's be that. Let's be full of only good and give only love. That would make her happy, to know that even in death, she gave you all something. As the day continues, one can expect to see several more birthday wishes to pour in for Janhvi Kapoor today. The actor will be seen making her Bollywood debut later this year opposite Ishaan Khatter in Dhadak.
I knew Sridevi since she was a little kid. She was eight years old when she came to my parent's home in Hyderabad with her mother. At that time, she was working in a movie with ANR (Akkineni Nageswara Rao), [Telugu actor] Nagarjuna's father. I only became good friends with her and her sister as a teenager. I was younger to them and when you are kids, that age gap really matters. Her sister was closer to my age. Sri was an amazing actor. My dad (T. Subbarami Reddy) was a co-producer on Chandni. She was so professional about her job. Even now, if you were making a video for fun and put a camera in front of her, her face would just light up. Despite her work commitments, she made room for meetings with her close ones. In the last 15 years or so, I have been travelling to Mumbai a lot. She was always quiet and shy as a person but if we were together, she would come out of shell and be a lot more comfortable. Sri never came with an entourage or bodyguards for private events. When I started living in Mumbai, she joined my group of friends and we started travelling together. After Sri came back from New York, she gained more confidence in herself and started interacting even more. When my daughter was expecting, she was one of the few people who flew in from Mumbai just for the baby shower. Sri was very caring, if she knew you were unwell, she would pick up the phone to call and see how you were doing. As a mother, she was both protective and progressive. She was always there for you. I am going miss a sister. As told to Rujuta Vaidya
Imagine a Japanese porcelain doll in an exaggerated fashion frenzy. That's Manish Aroras fall 2018 collection for you. This season, Arora's state of Zen is a balance of his signature bright colours, cherry blossom brocades and chrysanthemums etched out in thread work. Models wearing weighty silhouettes of knotted scarves and hand painted geta-inspired shoes strut down the runway, geishas of the modern world. He sends kimono renditions and sweatshirts declaring Pink & Gold' as his religion, down the runway. Hearts are perennial throughout the presentation and fabrics like neoprene and denim flirt raucously with the opulence of organza and raw silk. Amidst the sunset hues and mystical midnight tones plucked from the robes of Merlin, you will spot China's most famous emoticon, Tuzki'. The quirky rabbit adds a playful element to the eclectic mixa celebration of the news that the eponymous label will be launching five stand-alone stores in China this year. Vogue spoke to the designer about what went into the making of this extravaganza and all that he has learnt over the years of showcasing on Paris runway: What was the idea and inspiration behind this collection? What themes were you exploring this season? The inspiration for the collection comes from the pristine spirituality, beliefs and uniformity of Zen. We've derived our stories from the most significant elements of the Japanese culture like the k0i fish, sakura, sand art and other stories that are inspired from a millennial's perspective like Cloud Monster, which is a character from a bag series called Boogiebombs' and a popular emoticon called Tuzki'. There's an eclectic mix of moods in the entire collection and a unique spectrum of colours that we have worked with. Tell us about the fabrics and detailing that went into the clothes. The collection comprises of a wide range of surface development techniques varying from sequins work, French knots, appliqu, patch work, laser cut, digital printing and bead work. We've used fabrics like silk, brocade and wool. You will see a lot of mythical creatures inspired by Japanese folklore appearing in motifs and patterns on the clothes. What are you most excited about for the show? I'm always excited about all my shows and this time we have something new again. That is Tuzki! We have collaborated with Turner India for the international launch of a special Tuzki-inspired collection. Turner's massively popular emoticon in China, Tuzki, has won millions of hearts. With this collaboration, I wanted to bring Tuzki out of China into the international market and there could been have no better stage than Paris Fashion Week. The collection is a story of Tuzki's day in Paris where he is seen meditating below the Eiffel tower, chilling in his room with a glass of wine and watching nature from the window, highlighting the fascinating character that he is! You'll get it when you see it. A decade of showcasing at Paris Fashion Week behind you, what have all those years of showcasing on the Paris runway taught you? It's been a wonderful journey through and through, almost feels like it's just the beginning. Hopefully, I'll have many more years to keep the ritual going. One thing that all these years in Paris Fashion Week have taught me is that fashion is fearlessness. It's not just fun and frolic but a way to live one's life and means of survival just like engineers and doctors. Both the factors run hand in hand. The subjects of your collections are always very positive, revolving around themes of love, and happinessin what ways does this collection sum up the zeitgeist of the current time? When times change, everything that surrounds us also changes with it, in some or the other way. Observing the change in realities around us, how people's perception of life and reality is evolving every day, my collection is just a representation of how Love' is the only boundless energy directing us in our lives. That's exactly why I say, I have so much love to give that one is not enough.
1974 Tisci is born on August 1, 1974 in Taranto, Italy. He is the youngest child of nine, the only boy among eight sisters. While his childhood was a happy one, money was scarce. I'm talking poor, he recalled in a 2012 interview, like eat-basically-once-a-day poor. Tisci's father passes away when he's four, and the family relocates to Cermante, a small town in Lombardy, Northern Italy. Tisci starts working to help the family, performing tasks as a plasterer and florist. He later studies art at the Istituto d'Arte in Cant. 1991 At 17, he leaves for London, where he works in hotels and shops. Sometimes when I look back, I think Wow, how can I have done that when I was 17?,' he said in a 2013 interview. The experience energises him, and he builds a bond with the city. The moment I put feet in London, I know this is going to be the chance of my life, Tisci told Vogue in 2012. 1993 Tisci sees an advertisement for the London College of Fashion on the tube, and enrols for a foundation class. His tutor, Priyesh Shah, spots his talent and arranges an internship with Antonio Berardi, who encourages him to apply to the prestigious Central Saint Martins in London. Tisci wins a scholarship and is invited to skip his first year  which makes him unpopular with fellow students. I was most hated, he reflected in 2015. They broke down my locker. It was like, Welcome to fashion business!' 1999 Graduates from Central Saint Martins. His graduate collection, titled 8:30, The Procession, is a tribute to his sisters and Italian director Federico Fellini. He sells his graduate collection to London boutique Kokon To Zai and Bjrk is one of his first clients. After working for Puma and Coccapani, Tisci signs a three-year contract as creative director of Ruffo Research, the house that launched Antonio Berardi, Sophia Kokosalaki and Haider Ackermann. The line abruptly folds in July 2004, and Tisci moves to India to begin work on his own brand. His debut collection, presented in an abandoned factory off-schedule during Milan Fashion Week, is rich in gothic and religious references, a recurring theme in his work. Vogue's Sarah Mower calls him clearly a name worth watching. On February 28, 2005, Marco Gobbetti, then the chief executive of Givenchy, appoints Tisci creative director of the house for haute couture, pret-a-porter and accessories. I wasn't interested, Tisci said of being approached for the job, but when his mother told him she needed to sell her house to support his sisters, he changed his mind. They showed me a contract with all these zeros on it, and it was like help from God. In July, he presents his first collection for Givenchy haute couture. His debut, staged tableau vivant-style at Givenchy, was chaotic and poorly organized, and a number of editors wanted to put the nice-looking Mr. Tisci over their knee and spank him, Cathy Horyn wrote at the time. But of 29 outfits there were three or four that suggested Mr. Tisci has a modernist vision, and three or four is enough. Tisci is named creative director of Givenchy menswear and accessories. The designer also produces the costumes for Madonna's Sticky and Sweet tour, one of their first collaborations. The actress will choose Tisci's designs again for her halftime performance at the 2012 Super Bowl. Tisci casts transgender model Lea T for Givenchy's Autumn/Winter 2010 campaign. I got so much shit for casting a transsexual, he recalled. But things did change. Lea went on Oprah Winfrey, she was on television all over the world, and people fell in love with her. And, now, a transsexual has been on the cover of Time magazine. 2011 During his Autumn/Winter 2011 menswear show, Tisci sends models wearing shirts, sweaters and shorts emblazoned with images of growling Rottweilers down the catwalk. An instant street style hit, the designer continues to develop signature prints in his future collections, including black panthers, floral extravaganzas and the Bambi print of 2013. 2012 Givenchy announces it will no longer show haute couture, but will continue creating one-off couture looks for clients and special events. On the red carpet, Tisci continues to dress A-list stars, including Beyonce and Cate Blanchett. Tisci wins the CFDA International Award for his work at Givenchy. He also produces the costumes for the Ballet de l'Opra de Paris' Bolero, explaining that these costumes express two different sides of my personality: darkness and romanticism. Kanye West, Kim Kardashian and North West wear Givenchy by Tisci on the couple's wedding day. The designer collaborates with Nike for the first time, re-working the classic Air Force 1 Low and Mid, and creating two new models for the brand. In collaboration with Marina Abramovic, Tisci stages the Givenchy Spring/Summer 16 collection at New York's Pier 26 as an homage to 9/11. The show is open to 1,200 members of the general public. Tisci is named one of the 100 most influential people by Time, with Donatella Versace commending him for his work as an agitator, a rebel, someone who pushes boundaries and defies convention, someone who brings together fashion with art and other cultures. On February 2, Tisci steps down from Givenchy after a period of enormous growth. Bernard Arnault, chairman and chief executive of Givenchy owner LVMH, thanks him for his incredible vision to sustain its continuous success. Rumours swirl that Tisci is moving to Versace, but no announcement is made. On March 1, Burberry announces that Riccardo Tisci will take over for Christopher Bailey as chief creative officer, starting on March 12. Riccardo is one of the most talented designers of our time. His designs have an elegance that is contemporary and his skill in blending streetwear with high fashion is highly relevant to today's luxury consumer, says Gobetti, the former Givenchy CEO who is now the chief executive of Burberry. Riccardo's creative vision will reinforce the ambitions we have for Burberry and position the brand firmly in luxury.
Woman's suffrage movements that date back to the late 1800s. The women's liberation movement of the 1960s. The black feminism movement of the 1970s. The #MeToo movement last year, that has continued to gain momentum in 2018. Beyond these, there are thousands of global and local women's movements, smaller and larger in scale, less conspicuous yet equally relevant that fly under the radar of the media but that continue to exist, relentlessly fighting battles, for all women's rights. Whether it's for basic fundamental rights that are perhaps still inaccessible to women in small, isolated parts of the world (issues like female infanticide, child marriage, rape in marriages, and more continue to exist), or whether it is more powerful, privileged women publicly fighting for issues like wage equality, the right to marry who they want, or waging a war against sexual harassment, stories of women fighting to be heard, and for equality, are everywhere. If you're lucky enough to have access to an internet connection, and find yourself overwhelmed by a situation in your life as a woman, we think there's no one better than those who have overcome the odds, to inspire you. Read on for a round-up of inspirational quotes from the women who have shown us how it's done (again, and again). 1. Oprah Winfrey Image: Getty Born into poverty to a single teenage mother, she has publicly stated she was molested as a teenager. Fighting her personal odds, today she is a powerful media entrepreneur, actor, producer, philanthropist and global icon, among many other celebrated titles. At the 2018 Golden Globes, amidst the #MeToo outrage, she accepted the Cecil B. DeMille Award (for outstanding contributions to the world of entertainment). As the first black womanand the 15th woman overallto win, the American icon gave a rousing speech, telling women everywhere to take heart, for the world is changing for the better. Quotable quotes: I want to say that I value the press more than ever before as we try to navigate these complicated times, which brings me to this: What I know for sure is that speaking your truth is the most powerful tool we all have, and I'm especially proud and inspired by all the women who have felt strong enough and empowered enough to speak up and share their personal stories I want all the girls watching here and now to know that a new day is on the horizon! And when that new day finally dawns it will be because of a lot of magnificent women, many of whom are right here in this room tonight, and some pretty phenomenal men fighting hard to make sure that they become the leaders who take us to the time when nobody ever has to say me too' again. 2. Gloria Steinem Image: Getty Her paternal grandmother, Pauline Perlmutter Steinem, was chairwoman of the educational committee of the National Woman Suffrage Association and a delegate to the 1908 International Council of Womenand with such illustrious genes, it's no surprise that she went on to become an outspoken feminist, journalist, and nationally-recognised social political activist for the American feminist movement. On January 21, 2017, at the Women's March in Washington DCthe largest public rally for women's right at the timeshe gave a fiery speech, urging women everywhere to unite, claim their lives, and own their truth. Quotable quotes: We are here and around the world for a deep democracy that says we will not be quiet, we will not be controlled, we will work for a world in which all countries are connected. God may be in the details, but the goddess is in connections. We are at one with each other, we are looking at each other, not up. No more asking daddy. We are linked. We are not ranked. And this is a day that will change us forever because we are together. Each of us individually and collectively will never be the same again. When we elect a possible president we too often go home. We've elected an impossible president, we're never going home. We're staying together. And we're taking over. I thank you from the bottom of my heart. Make sure you introduce yourselves to each other and decide what we're gonna do tomorrow and tomorrow and tomorrow and we're never turning back. 3. Malala Yousafzai Image: Getty The youngest Nobel Prize laureate, this Pakistani activist for female education has survived an assassination attempt by Taliban activist to go on to set-up the Malala Fund and relentlessly fight for the right to female education. Accepting her Nobel Peace Prize in 2014, she gave an inspiring speech, uniting all those that have suffered the same atrocities, and that are fighting the same fight as herreminding us that we are never alone. Quotable quotes: When my world suddenly changed, my priorities changed too. I had two options, one was to remain silent and wait to be killed. And the second was to speak up and then be killed. I chose the second one. I decided to speak up. The terrorists tried to stop us and attacked me and my friends on 9th October 2012, but their bullets could not win. We survived. And since that day, our voices have only grown louder. I tell my story, not because it is unique, but because it is not. It is the story of many girls Though I appear as one girl, one person, who is 5ft 2in tall, if you include my high heels. I am not a lone voice, I am many. I am Shazia. I am Kainat Riaz. I am Kainat Somro. I am Mezon. I am Amina. I am those 66 million girls who are out of school. 4. Chimamanda Adichie Image: Getty The Nigerian author is well known for her range of novels, short stories and nonfiction, but what brings here to the forefront of the women empowerment movement is We Should All Be Feminists, Adichie's 2012 TEDx talk, first delivered at TedX Euston. It inspired her book-length essay, We Should All Be Feminists. An excerpt from the speech where the African feminist shares her views on gender construction and sexuality: Quotable quotes: I am angry. Gender as it functions today is a grave injustice. We should all be angry. Anger has a long history of bringing about positive change, but in addition to being angry, I'm also hopeful because I believe deeply in the ability of human beings to make and remake themselves for the better. And this is how to start. We must raise our daughters differently. We must also raise our sons differently. 5. Ellen DeGeneres Image: Getty The American funny woman may be an award-winning actor, writer, producer and TV host, but she makes it to our list for her LGBT activism. At a time when homosexuality was still hidden away in the closet, in April 1997, a Time cover featured DeGeneres and her iconic words Yep, I'm Gay. Here's what we loved about her interview, as she credits her parents at a time for being supportive when it was a taboo subject, reminding us that we don't always have to fight our fights alone. Quotable quotes: I've been really lucky. I have a really great family. I have parents who understand. My mother understands, now even more so. My father is supportive. My dad said the most hilarious thing when I told him what I was going to do on the show. He said, You're not going to go all flamboyant, are ya? I was like, Yeah, Dad, I'm going to completely change. I'm going to start wearing leather vests. I'm going to get one of those haircuts that they all have.
The fall/winter 2018 edition of Amazon India Fashion Week will take place this week at the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium in New Delhi. In a surprising turn of events, the showcase will not be hosting a finale show as is tradition. Even then, we are excited to see some our favourite labels in the capital. These are the names to watch out for on the schedule.
To say that Kim Kardashian West broke the internet is hardly news anymore, considering that she has been social media's reigning queen for quite some time now. What's new this time, though, is that this is Kardashian West's first cover for an Indian title. Appearing on two different covers, Kardashian Wests stunning images have already been garnering positive responses from the world over since their release. Photographed by Greg Swales and styled by Anaita Shroff Adajania, the cover story features the reality TV star in an Anita Dongre lehenga in one of the looks. Here's what people had to say about Kim Kardashian West's latest cover for Vogue India's March 2018 issue. Instagram royalty #KimKardashianWest has a fairytale moment in an #AnitaDongre lehenga  https://t.co/opJ0onbESh @KimKardashian @anitadongre .@KimKardashian wore a seriously glamorous @anitadongre lehenga for a magazine shoot, looking just like an Indian princess.
Josh Wood has built an impressive career and an eponymous colour empire on a single goalcolouring women happy. His approach to hair colour is a lot like makeup; the idea is to find hues that flatter your features, light up your complexion and take years off your face in a way only a brilliant colour job can. I don't think anybody should ever go natural. I think there is a version of naturalbetter than natural. My job is to find just that, says Wood. His three-step recipe for spotlight-stealing hair is simple: reach out to the right expert, explore the right hue for you and invest in the right care. On the launch of his new at-home colour range, we caught up with the colour genius to know more. Tell us about the Josh Wood Colour System? Why did you decide to create it? It's the first colour system developed by an expert. After 30 years of colouring hair and listening to clients ever-changing needs, I felt it was time to address the complex conversation of colour outside of the salon. This comprehensive colour range can help anyone dealing with covering grey hair. What are the dos and don'ts of colouring at home? Don't over colour, don't try anything too complicated and don't try to go blonde without visiting a salon. Do ensure you always do a patch test 48hrs before colour and do use a deep conditioning mask after your colour. What are root concealers? How do they work? I've created two wet and two dry root concealers that will give different levels of coverage depending on how grey you are. The wet concealer products (Blending Brush and Root Smudger) need to be dried into the hair to seal the colour. Then we have two dry root concealers, a brand new Tinted Dry Shampoo which is in a light spray that will help disguise any roots. We also have a new Root Marker that is colour on-the-go; it's just like a crayon to disguise any grey hair. After listening to thousands of women and their concerns about dealing with grey hair, whether it's the first grey you see or a regrowth of heavy grey, I have devised products that will serve as a solution to every problem. What is an ideal hair care regimen to maintain colour? Good practices vs bad? Always follow a hair care regimen designed for your colour. I am a firm believer that blondes and brunettes need very different products to care for their coloured hair. Use a hair mask once weekthis will give a real boost to the overall condition of the hair. What is your opinion on sun protection for coloured hair? I always believe in using UV protection for hair as you would for skin, especially for brunettes as they discolour and turn orange very quickly with sun exposure. What are the hair colour trends you're loving at the moment and the ones you think will be big in 2018? In New York, I've just created colour for Marc Jacobs that I think will be a game-changer, so keep your eye out for that. I think there are two camps for colour: one is the very natural, seamless tones that look almost uncoloured, and I think that balayage techniques, whether it's to look sun-kissed or brighter pops of pastel colour, are here to stay.
She may talk shop on hair and beauty but a really good day for Twinkle Khanna is simply one that starts with yoga and ends with 3,000 written words on paper. There's an unbearable lightness of being to her. She could be sitting right in front of you, with her piercing gaze and deadpan lines, but her mind is always running in circles. She insists she's tough to crack, that she hides behind her jokes. The simplest things make her happylike mis-adventurous holidays and morning yoga. Happy memories One of the happiest moments in her memorythe warm and fuzzy varietyis from Kashmir at eight. A tunnel connected their hotel to an apple orchard. I remember my sister and I running through the tunnel. I was plucking and eating an apple. My sister complained because a small worm came out of her apple and bit her finger. Another one was at the age of 10. She had cracked a very tricky skillthat of cutting open and sucking a mango while standing under a warm running shower without the water getting in her mouth. On writer's block Early morning is her happiest time to writesometimes at 5.45 am. Her entire house is empty by 7.00 am, after which that one hour of tea and self-reflection is very precious. She has no writer's block. The main thing is to be consistent. Show up every day and surely you'll bump into the muse. Then you can waylay her while she is on her way to someone else. For her, a story is a picture she is painting of what's in her head. I don't find it difficult to swap between male and female protagonists; perspectives may be different but basic human emotions are the same. She was ten chapters into her novel when she came across the story of the sanitary napkin man. It captivated her. She set everything else aside to pen his story. The secret to good hair This is the shortest I've ever gone in 20 years, she says of her chic shoulder length hair-do, touching her ends almost unconsciously. I take vitamins for my hair every so often; strange things like shark cartilage, she says. She washes her hair in water boiled with neem leaves once a week, and does the same for her daughter. For years her mom, and now her, concoct their own hair oil and use it religiously. As a nearly-there nerd, she's even verified the contents with PubMed. Who knows, one day we'll bottle and patent it, she says. In the skin of things I started using sunscreen after I turned 40, she says, swearing by Clarins. She prefers a physical block of titanium dioxide and zinc oxide over chemical blocks. Assorted products and sprays feature minimally in her dresser. Most of her makeup is from Laura Mercier, with hints of Bobbi Brown. Bioderma Sensibio Forte Moisturiser, a little La Roche-Posay, Schmidt's Lavender and Sage Organic Deodorant and basic Pears facewash is enough. Fit body x fit mind My mind runs in so many circles. If my body could do that I'd be very thin. But I'm a lazy person. I only exercise because I need to. Regular Patanjali yoga, pranayama and Pilates are a must. Apart from that, a walk with her dog or a friend, a quick swim, or a hike with family is enough. Easy list of diet tips She chews very slowly, keeps a 45-minute gap between food and water, eats normal Indian dal-chawal and avoids chapatis because wheat isn't working for her right now. With age, she's started incorporating a few changes in her diet. I've given up coffee, sugar, dairy and gluten, she lists. Next, I'm going to give up living. Black coffee has always been her instant happy perk. Her pain is very real. Her happy song, book, person I am tone deaf. Music doesn't move me. And I can't name any one book. Whenever I am tired and stressed, books are my escape. I curl up in my bed and dive into a science fiction novel or a short story. Her happy person is clearly her 15-year-old son. Their sense of humour is alike, and he makes her laugh insanely. He is now going through a rebellious teen phase. He calls me savage' and doesn't want to hang around me anymore. I miss him. He is my buddy. The perfect vacation She loves a misadventure. One such holiday was when they rented a house in France. They didn't speak the language though she pretended she could, but it was all a bunch of oui oui'. We went to the supermarket for eggs and ended up flapping our hands like chicken. There were tantrums because we were frustrated. My daughter burst out crying. I was close to tears. But looking back, it was one of my happiest holidays.
In the spirit of Women's Day, Vogue International is calling women from all across the world to share their stories about empowerment with the project #DearVogue. Objects they say have the power to retain memories; #DearVogue aims at refreshing those with a new voice. How did you spend your first paycheck? What happened to the pet rock that made you aware of your originality of thought? If you had to pass on one object to the future generations of women, would this be it? Influencers have shared their unique tales that you can read about here. Want to get involved? Tell us your story of empowerment and message to future generations using the hashtag #DearVogue. Analeovy Perez, artist @analeovy_art / 9524 follower Mexican artist passionate about celebrating women and diversity through her work. Also runs a #pimpmyjacket project. Empowering object: Her first designed jacket @anastasia.tasou / 94k followers Line drawing artist and poet, based in the UK. Previously featured on Adwoa Aboah's @gurlstalk. Empowering object: Evil Eye @aasian / 48.2k followers Black and Filipino Actor Asia Jackson is a Beauty/Fashion Vlogger with over 239k subscribers on YouTube. She started the #MagandangMorenx movement which was covered by Teen Vogue and Glamour. Empowering object: Chanel card holder that she bought with her first paycheck @avanope / 208k followers Ava Niruri is digital editor at Helmut Lang and formerly worked with Marc Jacobs, MOMA and Nike. Empowering object: Barbies! Caitlin Leahy, actor @caitlinleahy / 8129 followers US actor and former model, soon to play Deliliah in a biblical epic, Samson. Empowering object: Her grandma's signature colour lipstick Lara Lars, collage artist @von_lars / 32.9k followers Madrid based vintage style collage artist. Empowering object: Mirror belonging to her mother Iris van Herpen, fashion designer @irisvanherpen / 341k followers Hailing from Amsterdam, Iris van Herpen is frequently recognised as one of fashion's most talented and forward-thinking designers. Her star-studded clients include Beyonce, Solange, Bjork, and Cara Delevingne. Empowering object: Manta Ray necklace Image by Jean-Baptiste Mondino Nadia Lee Cohen, photographer and videographer @nadialeelee / 181k followers International photographer originally from the UK, known for exploring beauty and perfection. Empowering object: A rock from childhood.
Neerja Birla is the chairman of Aditya Birla Group and wife of one of India's most prominent industrialists, Kumar Mangalam Birla. Dr Zirak Marker is a renowned child and adolescent psychiatrist. Together they've created Mpower, a unique mental health initiative that aims to break down the stigma around mental health. Over a Chinese meal at Shizusan Shophouse & Bar, the duo explain what it takes to create a world-class facility in Mumbai and battle centuries of conditioning. Anupama Chopra: There are so many challenges when it comes to tackling mental health in our country. What has been the biggest struggle? Neerja Birla: From a social enterprise point of view, this can never break even. So, from a business point of view, it's pretty challenging. We have to be sustainable, but I know that it's going to be tough because there are so many things to it. It isn't like running a school where it's a set business model, or even a hospital where you know patients will come. This is more in the space of a luxury service that many people think they are providing themselves. So the footfalls are obviously not as much as it should be. Getting people to accept mental health help is the greatest challenge. It's about changing a mindset. Dr Zirak Marker: Even with a number of specialists in mental health, whether they're psychiatrists or psychologists, there's a real dearth. The statistics are dismal. Then getting the right kind of people with their hearts in the right place, with the right kind of empathy, and people and communication skills is hard. We have clients who break the stigma and come in. But the attrition rate is still high. They know that they need help, they come and they're satisfy edbut then they just drop out. AC: In an interview you mentioned that only four schools allowed your professionals to come in and talk to the parents. Why are schools so resistant? NB: It is shocking. We thought schools would accept us with open arms. ZM: We created an assistance programme that attributes all three stakeholdersteachers, parents and the kidsacross the entire spectrum of age groups. We shared it with them and gave them an outline but it's not their priority. AC: Why do we care so little about our minds? ZM: Parents always say that in hindsight they had this intuitive feeling that something was wrong but that they didn't know how to act on it. There's a perception that this can't happen to my child. Plus, mental health is an unseen disorderI can't run a blood test to see whether your serotonin levels are imbalanced. NB: Also, I think all of us don't like to feel psychologically vulnerable. Our conditioning is such that anything to do with the mind is considered a personal failing. As parents we feel that we didn't bring up our kids right or that we were not there when they needed us. We're, in turn, drilling the same thing into our kids. It's time to change that now. AC: Have you faced allegations that this is elitist? Like you said, mental health is considered a luxury. ZM: That's why we have the Foundation, which provides the same services for a different section of society. NB: And at much lower prices. What we realised is that it was difficult to get through to parents. Therefore going to a school was difficult because you had to deal with them and teachers. Youth, on the other hand, are far more open. Even at the Foundation, we have a lot of students coming who've not told their parents about it. But they're coming because they want to help themselves. We subsidise it even more for them because they are paying themselves. AC: At Mpower, what roles have the two of you taken on? NB: Until recently, I was the founder-CEO. Now I look into the medical bit as well, which is more of Zirak's domain. So both of us look into pretty much everything, whether it is outreach or marketing. ZM: Even designing the bathrooms! It's not a jokewe don't have mirrors in front of the basin. Instead we have a quote that says: You are beautiful. It's these little things. AC: Neerja, you have spoken about dealing with post-partum depression. You said you've had your good days and bad. Is there more insight that you have today into how to handle that? NB: Definitely. When it happened after my first pregnancy I didn't know what was going on. During the antenatal classes there was no mention of this back then. I was so young, I didn't know what had hit me. The second time round I was more prepared because I knew it was going to happen. I remember thinking, why am I crying? I've just had a baby and I should be happy. But everyone was so excited about the baby and I was lying there wondering, what is happening to me? AC: Finally, with such exhausting work, how do the two of you unwind? ZM: I have two small children, so I try and maximise my time with them. I always think I'm looking after so many kids but it would be futile if I don't have quality time with my own. NB: My exercise is sacrosanctI don't take up morning meetings because of that. I also enjoy a good sport like badminton and have recently started playing throwball. I also love to trek and just came back from Annapurna base camp. Location courtesy: Shizusan Shophouse & Bar
Since the start of the new year, Simon Porte Jacquemus has been teasing his more than 400,000 Instagram followers with hints of a #NewJob. On Monday night he opened Paris Fashion Week with a bang, revealing the details of his new challenge: his own menswear line. The first collection of L'homme Jacquemus did not hit the runway, but will debut in Paris come June, during men's fashion week. Already a firm fashion favourite, the self-taught Jacquemus set up his label in 2009, aged just 19. He's developed a signature that is at once classically Gallicthink Breton stripes and quintessential French motifsyet surreal, earning him the LVMH Special Prize in 2015on his second attempt. Aesthetically, Jacquemus treads a neat line between the conceptual and the commercial via twisted and deconstructed shirt dresses, asymmetric blazers and statement blouses. This year, he introduced mini-handbags, helping launch the trend after the creations were spotted on the likes of Rihanna. His poetic approach to presentations, cinematic campaigns and noted Instagram presence have made him a force to be reckoned with. As he announces L'homme Jacquemus, Vogue rounds up six things you may not know about the young designer His mother was his first modeland remains his most important muse Jacquemus' brand pays tribute above all else to his mother's style and spirit. As a child, he made a dress for her out of beige linen, which she wore to take him to school the following day. Her untimely death (she died in a car accident aged only 42) pushed Jacquemus to start his own brand, under her maiden name. She remains a constant source of inspiration for the young designer, too: I always want to try and create something very innocent, he told Dazed in 2016. Jacquemus is not about nightlife and clubbing and things like that, it's more about fruit and vegetables and rolling in the grass. Before fashion, he wanted to become a priest Although my parents weren't in church I insisted on having a communion. I wanted to become a priest, he told Ssense in 2016. Not because I believed so much in God, but because I was obsessed with the uniform of the priests. I even went so far as to force my family to take me to church every Sunday. After I wanted to be a priest, I wanted to be in the military and after that I wanted to be a lawyer. All because of the uniforms. I love wearing uniforms. He learned his craft at Comme des Garonssort of Though briefly enrolled at the cole Suprieure des Arts et techniques de la Mode, Jacquemus's true fashion education came from Comme des Garons. I've never been to fashion school, but I worked at the Comme des Garons store in Paris to finance my brand, and I feel it was my school, he told Marie Claire in 2017. It taught me about clothes, and how to be sure of who you are, treat your people and approach your customer. He's not ashamed to be commercial Fashion is poetry, he told Interview in 2016. It's a way to tell a story, to say something in this world, because you always send a message with what you wear. Yet, fashion is also a business. I sell poetry. For me, there is no point in fashion if you don't sell. That is why what you see in my runway shows is what we sell. I like to have that transparency. Now with Instagram and social media, people see a fashion show and they want to buy what they see. His spartan aesthetic was born of necessity Jacquemus didn't set out to be a minimalist designer: When I started my brand, minimalism was more a necessity than a plotted concept, he told Ssense. I didn't have much money, but I knew I had to make the best that was possible with what I had. Speaking to Vogue, he described how, after sourcing the fabrics he wanted from march Saint Pierre he stumbled across a woman who was making curtains. I asked her to make me a high-waist skirt with no buttons but a zip on the side. I also said no pockets because pockets and buttons are very expensive. So minimalism was not a reference, it was because I had no money. He met some of his closest friends and collaborators online Jacquemus' Instagram savvy is well-knownhe was among the first to post three related images as a means of story-telling and his time-stamped Stories are widely imitatedbut his virtual presence extends beyond the visual platform. A true child of the digital age, some of Jacquemus' closest friends and collaborators have come from cyberspace. The influencer Jeanne Damas? They met as teens via Tumblr. Pierre-Ange Carlotti, a photographer born in Corsica, and Fabien Joubert, now the company's commercial director, both corresponded online with Jacquemus for years before meeting. Jacquemus and his boyfriend, filmmaker and photographer Gordon von Steiner, first connected online, too. For me it's not about being strategic, it's about being spontaneous, he told AnOther of his Instagram approach.
Holi 2018 is finally around the cornerit's definitely the most-awaited festival as the year begins. And considering that it's on a Friday this yearwho doesn't enjoy long weekends?there's even more reason for people to play with colour to their heart's content without worrying about showing up to work the next day, all tired and possibly, multi-hued. While playing Holi with your friends and family is a lot of fun, it's important that you take on the ideal skincare and haircare practices to protect yourself. How much scrubbing is okay? What oil should you be using on your body? We got Mumbai- and Hyderabad-based celebrity dermatologist Dr Rashmi Shetty to give us her best skincare and haircare tips to ensure your Holi celebration is colourful, but only while it lasts. The first tip, she says, is to stop rigorously scrubbing yourself to get the colour off. You're harming your skin more than you know. It will get off in good timethe better thing is to prevent it from getting on. Best skincare tips for Holi Come Holi and your skin gets it the worstpeople find themselves trying to wash off colour for days together. Prevention is better than cure; this, we know. Slather your body with coconut oilit's lightweight and absorbs quickly into the body's topmost layer, and is gentle enough for sensitive or acne-prone skin as wellor a thick body cream as a barrier. If you don't like the scent of basic coconut oil, try a scented variant. Massage it in for five minutes so it gets absorbed completely. After you've coated your skin entirely, go back on all the areas with a waterproof sunscreen. Ensure that it is SPF 50+ and broad spectrum so you're covered in terms of UVA and UVB protection. While covering your arms, upper body and legs is easy to do, don't miss out on the smaller grooves. Make sure you protect your ears, the back of your neck and all the folds of your body. If possible, wear a camisole and an open shirt as a jacket on top, as opposed to a T-shirt. Then, change the outer shirt in the middle of the day. This will avoid the colour on the shirt from drying up and irritating your skin due to prolonged exposure. Also, keep washing yourself as much as possible while you play so you have less to clean after. Best haircare tips for Holi The first thing to keep in mind when it comes to haircare for Holi is to make sure your strands are coated with a protectant. You can use coconut oil or a leave-in conditioner all over your hair to ensure that the colour doesn't latch on to your strands. While using a protectant on your hair is great, the less your hair is actually exposed to colour, the better it is. Try a top knot or a side braid so most of your hair remains tiedand away from colour. Best nail care tips for Holi When it comes to your nails, it's almost inevitable to find colour stuck between your skin and nail by the end of your Holi session. Make sure you coat your hands and feet with coconut oil as well and apply a transparent nail polish on your nail beds to avoid staining. If you've got long nails, it's best to cut them. Health tips for Holi It's important that you increase your intake of fresh, water-based fruits and continue to take your antioxidant supplements as your body gets dehydrated on the day of Holi. This will prep your body for what is to come.
It was way back in the 1970s in Bengal, and Arundhati Bhattacharya was on her way to start her pre-medical training after getting through the entrance exam. But the Naxalite movement in the state meant irregular classes, so a five-year degree would have taken eight years to complete, which made the whole thing infeasible, as her dad was due to retire. Then her school principal, the legendary Father John Moore, who set up St Xavier's School, Hazaribagh and St Xavier's School, Bokaro Steel City, suggested that she study English Literature and look at journalism as a career option. While studying Literature at Jadavpur University, some friends were sitting for the banking exam and she joined in. (It was more like a bet; we just wanted to see if we could crack it.) She did. And that's how I became a banker. Four decades later, she's due to retire from the post of chairman of the State Bank of India (SBI), India's largest bank. In the four years at the helm, Bhattacharya, who was ranked 25th in the Forbes list of the world's most powerful woman in 2016, steered the bank's implementation of last year's massive demonetisation drive, scaled up digitisation in the bank's operations, improved capital efficiency and over- seen the merger of five of its associate banks. When we meet her in her 18th-floor of office in the SBI headquarters in Mumbai, we discover in her an astute banker who's listening to the numbers as well as the needs of the people she works with. She loves to travel (but not for work), reads five books at a time (and hopes to write one someday), and rues how much she spends on saris. She transitioned from the world of Dostoevsky to digits and decimal points but brings to the table much-needed empathy and the value of being nice while getting the job done. Excerpts from an interview: You were the first woman to have been appointed chairman of the SBI in the 200-year history of the bank. Did that play on your mind? It's not a conscious thought but very often people around you will tell you it's a big deal. And frankly, you don't know whether it is a hindrance or an enableor neither. As far as my own experience is concerned, I've found this organisation to be a meritocracy. I also believe in lending a helping hand whenever someone has a difficulty, and it has nothing to do with gender. During your tenure as chair-man, you have introduced measures such as a two-year sabbatical leave policy for the bank's women employees, alongside free vaccinations against cervical cancer. The most powerful women in the world are espousing the welfare of women at the workplace It's something that we've really been committed to. Women form 50 per cent of society, so they should form 50 per cent of the workforce in any organisation. We find that once women come on board, many of them fall off; at the entry level I might be getting 30 per cent women, but at the top level it becomes 4 per cent. So there's a loss, a lot of leakage, along the way. You need to plug those leakages. We found that women were not being given operational assignments because they were finding it difficult to go and live in remote areas, especially rural areas, the tier-5 and tier-6 centres, because nobody would rent out a place to single women. So we created chummeries, where we hire the flat where four to six women can stay together and from where they can travel to the rural branches that may be located 15, 20 or 30km away. This enables me to put them out onto operational assignments, which if they didn't take up would impact their career going forward. It grooms them for higher management, it makes them look after each other. And cervical cancer is so preventable. We've provided vaccinations not only for our women employees but also their daughters, because they should be protected, too. These are small things but they make a difference. What was your first reaction to the announcement of last year's demonetisation and how would you now view the move and the SBI's response to it?My first reaction was, let's go out and organise it. The announcement happened on the evening of November 8, and we had to open counters on the morning of 10th. Thirty-six hours is a very small window. Not just that, demonetisation last happened in 1978, so there was no standard operating procedure. We also had to convey to our people that they had to behave in the best possible manner with customers, com- fort them, tell them their money is safe. The communication exercise was a massive one. When I look back I sometimes wonder how we did it. Of course, it helped that there was a groundswell of support from people at large. When you took over in 2013, you had listed investor relations, improving productivity, capital efficiency and overall liquidity management as your priorities. How would you view the progress made in each of these?We've made huge productivity gains. The cost-to-income ratio has been brought down, several cost-control measures have been introduced, and the market share in advances has improved. When it comes to investor relations, if you remember, as soon as I came in I did a QIP (qualified institutional placement). It was a bit of a struggle as there was a lot of volatility around the globethe Indian currency got linked with the Fragile Five, one of the South American nations did a devaluation as well, etc. We finally managed to close it at 8,000 crore. Compared to that, when we went for a QIP this time, I could do a 15,000-crore QIP at market rates without discount. So we've come a long distance. People do believe this is a bank that is going to stay, that's going to get better, bigger and stronger. And we've shown that through the digital initiatives we've undertaken. Today, there is a lot of emphasis on us being a learning organisation. For instance, we now have five marks in our annual reports that are only given if you have completed the self-learning courses that are recommended for you at the start of the year. We have also created a position of chief ethics officer. At one point, only 37 per cent of our roles were measurable. Today, it's 93 per cent. We've done a lot of work to make this bank more future-ready and responsive to the needs of the market. What would you say about the proverbial work-life balance? I always believe in teamwork. And teamwork doesn't only mean the office; it also means home. You need to have teams everywhere, because you can't do everything on your own. And to get those teams, you must be kind to people. Secondly, you must prioritise. There are times when you'll have to prioritise family, and there are times when you must prioritise work. Thirdly, don't make yourself indispensable. A lot of us have insecurity issues, because of which we want to be indispensable. Even in office, I have known women, some of the best achievers, who keep everything close to the chest. When they're away you don't know who to call. You need to create a team that will seamlessly step into the gap. You don't have to feel insecure. You'll still be required. Your place is your own. It doesn't matter if your secrets are known, it doesn't matter if you give the keys to somebody.
That salty summer's day at the beach, the anticipatory trail of warm vanilla when you wait for the cake to rise, that long, lush forest hike, those dusty old books We find scents that will help you follow your fondest memories. When you want sandy toes, salty hair and splashes of the sea Herms Eau des Merveilles Bleue EDP (100ml), Rs 8,750 When you want to walk the winding path of wilderness The Bombay Perfumery Sulawesi EDP (100ml), Rs 4,100 When you're craving sweet cake and crisp coffee L'Artisan Parfumeur Noir Exquis EDP (100ml), Rs 10,000 When you want to feel like spring is in full bloom outside Bulgari Splendida Magnolia Sensuel EDP (100ml), Rs 8,250 When you want to get lost in the leather-bound pages of old books in a library Byredo Bibliothque EDP (100ml), Rs 12,100
I arrive soaking wet at Haider Ackermann's unmarked studio in the 8th Arrondissement of Paris. The space is well-lit, full of natural light and devoid of any clutter. In the corner, the designer sits by the window posing for portraits, while his team eats lunch at a communal table in the back. As the rain dies down, the sun's rays shine through a door left half-opened, leading to a room full of garment rails and shoes left on tabletopsa glimpse of what he might show come Saturday morning. Today, Ackermann is in many ways part of fashion's fading gentry. He is a highly skilled women's tailor who has shunned logophilia, a visionary who finds inspiration from the streetsas evident in his bestselling velvet sweats and bomber jackets worn by the likes of Kanye West and ASAP Rockybut one who's been careful not to succumb to the hype of streetwear. Having enrolled at the Royal Academy of Fine Arts in Antwerp, where the likes of Ann Demeulemeester and Martin Margiela were educated, Ackermann left without completing his degree, interning with John Galliano at Dior before establishing his own label. It's a rare and impressive thing for a designer to be a fixture at both Paris Fashion Week and its counterpart for men. Earlier in his career, Karl Lagerfeld heralded Ackermann as a talent worthy of succeeding him at Chanel. But these days, his eponymous label is just as well known for its menswear as its womenswear. In 2016, he was appointed creative director of Berluti, the only men's-focussed luxury brand under the LVMH umbrella, and with all the attention surrounding Berluti's renaissance, it might be easy to forget that when Ackermann first arrived onto the scene at the turn of the millennium, it was actually for his womenswear. The earlier collections, of jersey wrap-over dresses, harem pants and immaculately cut tailoring, coloured with a polished palette of blues, blacks and greys, were shown on the Parisian catwalks to critical acclaim. The man, he reminds me, arrived much later. In fact, it would take nearly a decade for the designer to show a menswear collection on the runway, at Pitti Uomo, the Florentine trade show, in June 2010 for spring/summer 2011. Suddenly, men appeared, because I was wondering, who was the man behind an Ackermann woman? The Bohemian collection he exhibited at Pitti featured layered silk tops alongside opulent brocades fit for a Silk Road merchant. According to Ackermann, the introduction of men's garments to complement the womenswear was what he describes as a mental seduction. He had hoped to give more attitude to the woman through the man by her side. It was an exercise of style, a trying-out. But it would only be temporary. Then we stopped for a few seasons because I was absolutely was not ready for it. In 2013, however, it would return for good. And the rest, as they say, is history. After so many years in the industry, Ackermann has experienced the evolution of luxury fashion first hand. But never mind the ugly chunky dad shoes or the slouching hoodies repeatedly plastered with a brand's name.Do you know how many sneakers they're selling in the world? It's insane, he raises his voice slightly. To this day, Ackermann still sees himself as a purveyor of stories and dreams, not only clothes. You just have to think about the story you like to tell, he continues. For his spring/summer 2018 womenswear collection, the designer sent out asymmetrically cut golden blazers that appeared to crumble on one side, like shifting tectonic plates, alongside white jackets cut with red revers like delicious velvet cake. Commercially, it's another step that falls behind. We are faced with reality enough: the designs that I have made me travel with my mind, and I like thatI think that's luxury. At his Autumn/Winter 2018 men's show this season, I spotted the likes of R&B star Miguel and Gabriel-Kane  a front row fixture and son of actor Daniel Day-Lewissitting by the runway attentively. Although his clothes have been worn by a cast of A-listers over the years, including Tilda Swinton and now Timothe Chalamet, Ackermann assures me he isn't interested in playing the game of celebrities. One has to be careful because it's uninteresting to read articles where they first talk about celebrities, and then the clothes, he warns me. The first row is taking more attention than the clothes on the catwalk nowadays. It's an epidemic that the designer attributes to social media. Ackermann, like 800 million others around the globe, is on Instagram. So he's aware of the witch hunts and the culture of calling-out that the platform fosters. I think due to social media, and everything that happens nowadays, everyone has an opinion, he says. But one should always have an opinion that is loaded with knowledge and history. I ask if he's referring to any accounts in particular. No, I can't, he replies, laughing. Nowadays, whether it's in fashion or in general, everyone can throw their garbage out there, accusing anyone and everyone. He continues: It's this public scenery, where you burn witches in the fireI find it too vulgar for words. For so many of us who have succumbed to the pressures of documenting our waking moments , the constant scrolling through social media has become less entertainment and more of an inevitable chorea Sisyphean task for the modern individual, the price we pay for living in the 21st century. My life is so uninteresting to be shared, and I don't see why someone is interested in how I wake up in the morning, Ackermann says. That's not my job; my job is to make nice clothes, to search for a type of beautyif a man or a woman feel attractive in it then I did my job.
Have you ever pictured the smell of a fragrance in your brain? Pharrell Williams asks, his eyes darting towards the ceiling as he rifles for the right metaphor. You can see the bottle of whatever it is you are spraying, but what has your mind provided you with to accompany that sensory modality? He is speaking about synesthesia, a neurological condition which in his case translates audio information into visual phenomena. Essentially, Pharrell sees sound in colour. You know it's difficult to explain unless you have it, he adds. He's not wrong, but walking through the streets of Mumbai where I have come to meet him helps paint a clearer picture of what it might be like. It's the second of March and the annual Hindu festival, Holiwhich celebrates both the beginning of spring and the triumph of good over evilis well underway. Indian pop music blares from speakers as thousands of people pour into the streets, throwing handfuls of vibrantly coloured powder at one another. Bursts of indigo, cochineal and saffron rise up into the sky carried by clouds of acrid smoke. It's Pharrell's first time in India, and his schedule is frenetic. After all, the 44-year-old wears many hatssinger, songwriter, rapper, film and record producerall the while managing a raft of philanthropic commitments, including his own not-for-profit From One Hand to Another, which provides educational resources for underprivileged children. He describes himself as a real-life Mr Magoothe diminutive cartoon character created by United Productions of America, which he would watch as a childwhose extreme short-sightedness landed him in web of comical situations, but whose uncanny good luck always won through. I don't know what the fuck I'm doing, Pharrell confesses. I'm here, all I have is my instinctsmy GPSand sometimes I'm wrong and sometimes it ends up working out. Although the inbuilt GPS of which he speaks guided him into the music industry over two-and-a-half decades ago, it's hard to believe Pharrell's career as a recording artist only reached its peak in 2014, when he had his first number one single as a lead artist with Happy. Before this he was largely behind the scenes making the music. As one half of production duo The Neptuneswhich he formed in 1994 with his friend Chad HugoPharrell helped define the sound of the new millennia with hits like Britney Spears's I'm A Slave 4 U, Gwen Stefani's Hollaback Girl and Drop It Like It's Hot by Snoop Dogg. Having just flown in from LA, he's grappling with a 14-hour time difference while juggling editorial photoshoots and interviews before moving on to Delhi over the weekend. The main reason he's here, however is to launch a collection of Holi-inspired designs for his Hu (health ultimatum) line with Adidas Originals. In the garden of the Taj Lands End Hotel in Bandrathe Malibu of Mumbaihe was joined by Bollywood star and fellow Adidas ambassador Ranveer Singh for a private party to celebrate the festival and collection. There, they unveiled the eclectic range of spring/summer 2018 Hu Holi designs, which are on sale at Adidas in India now before being made available worldwide on March 16. The spirited collection covers the entire spectrum, from stark blank' canvas track tops in white that begged to be doused colour (300), to sleek Stan Smith sneakers in bold primary colours (90), and boxy one-of-a-kind shorts and sweatshirts treated with a powder-dying technique (starting at 80)all of which are unisex. In terms of clothing, I think gender is beginning not to matter; unisex clothing is helping to push things forward, he observes. Pharrell, who has famously styled himself in women's fashion and accessories from time to time, most notably in Chanel campaigns, does so not as a form of protest or statement, but because, in his words, he simply likes what he likes. In other ways, he continues, gender is important because we still need [to achieve] gender equality. I think one of the most beautiful things about the ubiquity of the internet is that it has given visibility to women's rights, or the lack thereof. Pharrell and his wife, model and designer Helen Lasichanh, whom he met in 2005 and married five years ago, have four children together13-month-old triplets and a nine-year-old son by the glorious name of Rocket. As we approach the first Oscars ceremony since the sexual assault allegations against Harvey Weinstein emerged, I ask Pharrell what he thinks men around the world need to be doing first and foremost to achieve gender equality, and bring an end to the prevalence of sexual harassment in society. Empath[ize], he replies. [No man] knows what it's like to be a woman. It doesn't take long for a man to contribute to making a child, but women carry that life inside of them for nine months. We will never understand what it's like to go to work when it's that time of the monthI don't know if we could even do that physically. It's a lot being a womanit deserves recognition. And action. Last year saw the release of Hidden Figures, which Pharrell co-produced with the help of Mimi Valdescreative director and vice president of his production company I am Other. The film, which was nominated for Best Picture at the Academy Awards, shone a light on the little-known story of black female mathematicians who played a vital role in the early days of NASA during the Space Race. Next on the production wagon is Atlantisa movie musical about the Virginia Beach housing project where Pharrell grew upthe place where he ascertained all he needed to become the multi-Grammy Award-winning artist he is today. Because of the way the buildings were set up, any music that was playing from the cars or whatever would bounce off the walls of the court, amplifying it, he remembers. The music in the air was as thick as the humidity on Virginia Beach in the summer. It produced what I am, it conditioned our brains, it informed the way I saw music the rest of my life. On December 15, as part of his funk-rock trio N.E.R.D., Pharrell released No_One Ever Really Diesa blistering album that is worlds apart from the halcyon days of Happy. It features a song (Don't Don't Do It) dedicated to Keith Scott who was fatally shot by police in 2016, while the lyrics of Deep Down Body Thurst is a riposte to US President Donald Trump's plans of building a wall along the US border with Mexico. Being American, you realise how fortunate you are as a black person to be able to do so many things, he says of his position. It shouldn't be that way, and I don't look at life that way with partitions and boxes and shit, but the world that I come from does. Pharrell is on a mission to break down such barriers, or at least encourage people to stop and think differently (That's art!), and he's doing the way he knows best: one lyric at a time. Swipe through to see some moments from Pharrell Williams' Holi celebration in Mumbai.
As is tradition, Oscars 2018 took place at the Dolby Theatre in Los Angeles. And like every Academy Awards ceremony, there was no dearth of stunning ensembles seen on celebrities. In what was expected to be another red carpet about activism, stars arrived in their sartorial best choosing to stay away from campaigning through their attire this night. Ever since the #MeToo campaign gained momentum, Hollywood stars have left no stone unturned in reiterating the importance of raising awareness and showing solidarity to the victims of sexual abuse, the red carpet being one of the platforms to demonstrate which side they stood on. The Golden Globes saw an all-black red carpet this year as did the BAFTAs. At the Grammys, stars walked in in black outfits and white rose. Each time a host asks a celebrity the overused What dress are you wearing? questions, stars have yet another reason to direct the conversation towards a cause far greater than the label on their backs. However, Oscars 2018 were about celebrating the best in the industry and just that. Priyanka Chopra, who was expected to make an appearance to what would have been her third Oscars red carpet was unable to make it. But the night wasn't without its stars. We saw several white gownsMargot Robbie, Jane Fonda, Mary J. Blige and Laura Dern. Meryl Streep was seen in a bold red gownan unlikely choice for the star who has often favoured neutrals and monochrome in the past. Viola Davis chose a vibrant pink number by Michael Kors meanwhile Jennifer Garner chose royal blue. Metallics and powder pink were amongst the popular choices seen at the Oscars red carpet. Gal Gadot in Givenchy and Jennifer Lawrence in Dior made a case for high shine. Saoirse Ronan, Laurie Metcalf and Elisabeth Moss went with macaron pink. The men looked dapper as ever in their tuxedos. Scroll through our slideshow to get a complete look at what celebrities wore at the Oscars 2018.
We're all for returning to our roots as we get closer to summer. One, for the simple fact that the kurta is made for hot weatherside slits for cross ventilation, light-as-air breathable fabrics and flowy silhouettes that are perfect for running errands. There is a lot to love about this versatile piece of clothing. For a Sunday brunch, you can swap the usual summer dress for a posy-patterned cotton anarkali in teal. While a corded tunic in silver chanderi is appropriate for a ladies' night out, sure to garner you many compliments through the night. PTA meeting at school? Put on a subtle cotton-silk kurta that beats the rising mercury levels, but looks sophisticated too. Cocktail hour with the team? A long silk kurta with tasselled hems goes perfectly from desk to dinner. And one silhouette every woman in her 30s should keep handy (for the many wedding parties you'll be attending) is the black and gold sequin-smattered anarkali that's equal parts festive and elegant. Scroll through our pick of kurtas you need to have in your wardrobe in your 30s. This story is a part of our Dress For Your Age series which busts myths about what you can and can't wear at a certain age.
On Sunday morning, the nation woke up to the shocking, sad news of the demise of iconic Bollywood actor, Sridevi. The superstar, all of 54, passed away relatively young due to a cardiac arrest in Dubai. Sridevi, arguably the biggest female superstar of her age, left behind a prolific body of work that will continue to inspire and entertain audiences in the coming years. Although the actor had taken a hiatus from her career in 1997 after her superhit film Judaai, her powerful comeback in 2012 with the critically acclaimed English Vinglish, proved that she could still single-handedly lead a film to box office and critical success. A legendary beauty and a talented dancer, Sridevi had currently become the favourite muse of many of India's top designers. With her admirers still in shock, the design community has expressed their grief at the untimely loss of an icon. Manish Malhotra This was our last picture together and just 4 days ago .. I will never able to get over this loss Sridevi and I first met in 1990 when she was already a superstar and I was beginning my career. Working with an icon I always called Ma'am was a turning point in my career, as it was the beginning of many associations and a longstanding friendship beyond work. We have seen each other grow professionally and personallyit was amazing to see the roles she blossomed into, her passion for painting, and the doting wife and mother she was. I met Sridevi very recently in Dubai and we just had so much to share. The news that she is no longer with us comes as a shock. I will always cherish the precious memories of a friend who was an iconic superstar. At this point, all my thoughts are with Sridevi's family and I request for privacy as we honour a friend and we grieve her loss. Tarun Tahiliani Saddened by the untimely demise of India's greatest actor, Sridevi. An epitome of beauty and grace. We would like to express our deepest condolences to the family. May her soul rest in peace. Sabyasachi Mukherjee We are extremely saddened at the sudden demise of Sridevi. We extend our deepest condolences to her family at their hour of bereavement. May her soul rest in peace. Amit Aggarwal Abu Jani Sandeep Khosla Iconic. One word that Sridevi owned and made her own. We mourn her cruel and untimely passing. Our first thoughts go to her beloved daughters who must learn to live without their mother. To her husband. We celebrate a woman who ruled the silver screen, pan India for decades. Who lit it up with one solid gold performance after another. A powerhouse of talent, a muse for millions, style setting, trailblazing diva. A life lived fully and cut so brutally short. As fans of Cinema, as designers and as two men who knew this legend, we will miss you terribly, Sridevi. Fly, Beautiful Soul. Falguni and Shane Peacock Gaurav Gupta
After public statements by Boney Kapoor and the rest of the Kapoor family, Janhvi Kapoor has addressed the death of her mother, Sridevi, through an emotional note. The actor posted a letter addressed to Sridevi on Instagram, along with a gallery that shows the family in some special moments together. Every time I close my eyes, I only have good things to remember. I know it's you doing that, Janhvi writes in the letter. You were a blessing in all our lives, we were blessed to have had you for as long as we did. Accompanying the letter and the pictures is a note for her followers. Nothing as joyful and pure and no two people as devoted to one another as they were. Please respect that because it hurts to think anyone would ever try to tarnish it, she appeals to the public in the note. Read the entire statement and see the Instagram post, below. On my birthday, the only thing I ask of all of you is that you love your parents. Cherish them and devote yourself to making them feel that love. They have made you. And I ask that you remember my mother fondly, pray for her soul to rest in peace. Let the love and adulation you'll showered on her continue and please know that the biggest part of my mother was the love she shared with papa. And their love is immortal because there was nothing like it in the whole world. Nothing as joyful and pure and no two people as devoted to one another as they were. Please respect that because it hurts to think anyone would ever try to tarnish it. Preserving the sanctity of what they had would mean the world not only to my mother but also to a man who's entire being revolved around her, and her two children who are all that remains of their love. Me and Khushi have lost our mother but papa has lost his Jaan. She was so much more than just an actor or a mother or a wife. She was the ultimate and the best in all these roles. It mattered a great deal to her to give love and to get love. For people to be good and gracious and kind. She didn't understand frustration or malice or jealousy. So let's be that. Let's be full of only good and give only love. That would make her happy, to know that even in death, she gave you all something. The courage and inspiration to fill yourselves with nothing but love and rid yourselves of bitterness in any way and form. That's what she stood for. Dignity, strength and innocence. Thank you for the love and support everyone has shown us in the past couple of days. It's given us hope and strength and we can't thank you all enough.
Rita Moreno is one of the rare stars to have won not one but all four major American entertainment awardsan Oscar, an Emmy, a Grammy and a Tony. At the 90th Academy Awards show, Moreno made news for repeating the same dress she wore to accept her Oscar in 1962 for West Side story. George Chakiris and Rita Moreno with Rock Hudson. Image: Getty Moreno's full-skirted brocade dress was accessorised with earrings by Olivia Dar and a statement necklace. The 86-year-old actress, singer, and dancer updated her sleeved dress by converting it into a strapless sweetheart neckline. The addition of a headband also made the styling distinctly different from the last time. Rita Moreno and Fernanda Luisa Gordon. Image: Getty Want to take that special dress you've worn barely once but are afraid of repeating? Moreno serves a masterclass in reincarnating your fashion wardrobe. Take a closer look at it here.
Last September, the fashion world was all aflutter in anticipation of a slew of debut collections by designers for the grandes maisons of Paris. Exciting for some, and nerve-wracking for others, spring/summer 2018 signalled a changing of the guardone that has now settled in (presumably) to their new positions in the upper echelons of the industry, alongside a crop of talents who have decamped from New York to try their luck in the City of Light. Though some think of fashion like a house of cards, the reality is a little more stableand at this end of fashion month, labels are keenly investing for long-term gainpouring new foundations, renovating, upscaling and toying with a sea change' in the fashion real estate game. New foundations French wunderkind Simon Porte Jacquemus kicks off the show season in Paris with his Monday night slot, the only show on a day when buyers, editors and the rest of the fashion pack are still transiting from Milan. On Wednesday, he unveiled via Instagram that his autumn/winter 2018 show Le Souk' (no prizes to whoever guesses that inspiration) will take place at the Petit Palais which, like last season's Muse Picasso affair, is a serious step-up from his early show locations, which included a local swimming pool and games arcade. His hash-tagging of #newjob has fashion folk gossiping as to what he'll unveil the day of the show, but with rumours of the Cline position clearly misplaced, the jury's out on this one. Could he have been chosen to revive a slumbering fashion house, perhaps? With Hedi Slimane's appointment at Cline, Phoebe Philo's coveted Sunday afternoon spot on the PFW calendar was up for grabs, as the house reshuffles for Slimane's first show in October. Instead, Belgian entrepreneur Anne Chapelle (business partner to both Ann Demeulemeester and Haider Ackermann) seized the time slot for Poiretthe century-old French maison she has revived (thanks to financial backing from Samsung heiress Chung Yoo-Kyung) with Chinese couturier Yiqing Yin at the creative helm. Another newcomer on the schedule is the 2017 LVMH Prize winner Marine Serre. Since quitting her day job at Balenciaga to go solo, her printed body stockings and flouncy, voluminous gowns have been snapped up by the likes of Dover Street Market and Opening Ceremony. Serre will open the first full day of shows on Tuesday morning before big-ticket blockbusters: Dior by Maria Grazia Chiuri in the gardens of the Muse Rodin andjust hours laterAnthony Vaccarello for Saint Laurent. Restoration and renovations Autumn/winter 2018 is the season of the sophomore, as a trio of designers will each present their second collection at a Parisian house. First up is Natacha Ramsay-Levi at Chlo, who will be moving her second show to an as-of-yet undisclosed location after last season's exclusive outing (60 per cent less seats!) inside the new, contemporary art-filled Maison Chlo. Later that day, Dior alumni Serge Ruffieux's pretty, bohemian new vision for Carven will play out at a middle school in the 15th arrondissement, whilst Clare Waight Keller's Givenchy show returns to the Palais de Justice on Sunday morning. After mixed reports of her first women's and men's ready-to-wear collections last September, Waight Keller made a splash at her first-ever haute couture show in January, leaving the ball in her court for a strong follow-up for the house that Hubert built. The transatlantic seachange' Not only have designers been switching houses, but labels have been exploring the geographic limitations of when and where they show their collections. Despite their studios remaining in New York City, a handful of designers have decamped to join the Paris schedule, just as others (like Bottega Veneta and Esteban Cortazar) have been trying their luck with one-time-only fashion shows in the Big Apple. Following buzzy debuts in Paris last October, Thom Browne and Joseph Altuzarra will show once again on the official calendar this week. Also of note, Demna Gvasalia will show both menswear and womenswear at his Balenciaga show on Sunday for the very first time. Off-schedule mini breaks Runway shows aside, Paris Fashion Week will play host to hundreds of presentations, cocktails, dinners and after-parties that cater to a broad cross-section of the fashion community. Highlights will include the semi-finals of the fifth 2018 LVMH Prize, a competition presided over by a prestigious jury including Nicolas Ghesquire, Marc Jacobs, Clare Waight Keller, Haider Ackermann, Karl Lagerfeld, Maria Grazia Chiuri and Jonathan Anderson. The 21 finalists (which this year include Eckhaus Latta, GmbH, Matthew Adams Dolan and Charles Jeffrey) will be whittled down to eight, with the winner announced in June. Finally, and for those seeking the veritable holy grail of fashion inspiration, the exhibition Margiela Galliera opens at the Palais Galliera museum on March 3, its last show before closing mid-July for renovations and the establishment of a permanent collection. The Margiela exhibitioncurated by Alexandre Samson and instigated by outgoing director Olivier Saillardincludes more than 130 silhouettes by the seminal Belgian designer, and word has it his personal implication in the project has been considerable.
Unlike the over-used phrase Florals for spring? Groundbreaking Kangana Ranaut's floral print actually feels new for 2018. We recently spotted Kangana Ranaut looking like a breath of fresh air in this high collared top paired with comfy, black culottes. With her hair done in an amusing up-do, she opted for the most mandatory travel accessory that no celebrity can do without at airports Her larger than life sunnies! She styled this look with strappy black sandals and the classic Lady Dior bag to complete this look. We also love that pop of peach stain on her lips. Looking for a floral ensemble to dress like our B-town queen? Get your look here: 1.Top 3. Heels 4. Bag Follow @missmalinifashion and @missmalinibeauty for more updates.
It wasn't that long ago that Meghan Markle was known as Rachel Zane, her character in the American legal drama Suits. But since announcing her engagement to Prince Harry late last year, she's become one of the most recognisable figures in the world, and come May 19, will become a bona fide member of the British royal family. The couple started dating in 2016, and announced their engagement in November 2017, revealing their wedding plans, alongside official portraits by Alexi Lubomirski, in December. The American actor, born on August 4, 1981, grew up in Los Angeles and has appeared on television programmes like General Hospital, CSI, Without A Trace and Castle, and films like Get Him to the Greek, Remember Me and Horrible Bosses. Beyond acting, she is a passionate gender equality campaigner, serving as global ambassador for World Vision Canada as well as the UN as a women's advocate. Until April 2017, Markle was also editor-in-chief of her own lifestyle website, The Tig. Since she began dating the fifth in line to the throne, Markle's every sartorial move has been closely scrutinised across the globe. Having lived in Toronto for the filming of Suits, Markle has been spotted in a number of Canadian brands since their relationship went public, including Line and Smythe. More recently, she has taken to championing British brands, running the gamut from M&S to Victoria Beckham, with Burberry, Ralph & Russo and Stella McCartney all in prime rotation. Shining a spotlight on lesser-known labels, like luxury Scottish accessories label Strathberry and Welsh jeans brand Hiut Denim, has shown her skill in the sartorial diplomacy arena, too. As the royal wedding fast approaches, Vogue breaks down everything you need to know about Markle and Prince Harry's wedding, from the dates and timings, to the guestlist, performers andcruciallythe wedding dress designer. When will Meghan Markle and Prince Harry get married? Kensington Palace confirmed that Meghan Markle and Prince Harry's wedding will take place on May 19, 2018 at 12:00 GMT (that's 5.30pm Indian time). The Dean of Windsor will conduct the service and the Archbishop of Canterbury will officiate as the couple make their vows. Where will the wedding take place? The Queen has granted permission for the ceremony to be held at St George's Chapel on the grounds of Windsor Castle. The Gothic church, located an hour outside of London, seats approximately 800 guests and has previously hosted a series of royal weddingsPrince Charles and Camilla's televised blessing in 2005, and the Earl of Wessex's wedding to Sophie Rhys-Jones in 1999plus christenings, including Prince Harry's. What time will the wedding begin? The wedding coincides with the FA Cup Final, which Prince William, as president of the Football Association, usually attends to present the trophy. Fortunately for fans of both royal weddings and football, Markle and Prince Harry's big day is scheduled to begin at noon, so there will be no overlap. No word yet on whether Prince William plans to attend both. When will the procession take place? After the ceremony, at approximately 13:00 GMT, the newlyweds will take a carriage ride from St. George's Chapel through Windsor town returning to Windsor Castle along the Long Walk to allow members of the public to feel part of the celebrations too, according to Jason Knauf, Prince Harry's communications secretary. Where and when will the reception take place? Following the ceremony, there will be a reception at St. George's Hall for the couple and guests of the congregation. At 17:30 GMT it is rumoured that there will be a second reception strictly for close family and friends, hosted by Prince Harry's father, Prince Charles. Who will perform at the wedding? Among the star acts rumoured to provide the entertainment at the royal wedding are Ed Sheeran, the Foo Fighters and Sir Elton John. Most recently, Melanie Brown (a.k.a. Scary Spice) suggested the Spice Girls may be performing on the night. Speaking on The Real talk show, she let slip that she and her fellow band membersVictoria Beckham, Geri Horner, Emma Bunton and Melanie Chisholmwould be attending the royal wedding. Though she failed to confirm or deny a performance she did say: I swear, I'm just I need to go. I'm going to be fired. Who will attend the royal wedding? Approximately 2,640 people will be welcomed into the grounds of Windsor Castle to watch Prince Harry and Meghan Markle exchange vows. The couple has asked that 1,200 people, from all corners of the UK, be selected by lord lieutenants, including young people who have shown strong leadership and those who have served their communities, Kensington Palace said in a statement. Also invited into the castle grounds are 200 people from charities and organisations close to Prince Harry and Markle, including those which Prince Harry serves as patron. Other guests will include 100 pupils from two local schools, 610 Windsor Castle community members, and 530 members of The Royal Household and The Crown Estate. The British royal family will, of course, be in attendanceincluding the Queen, the Duke of Edinburgh, Prince Charles, the Duchess of Cornwall, and the Duke and Duchess of Cambridgeand even possibly the latter's latest addition to their family, due in April. US President Trump's attendance has been widely discussed in the press, as have Barack and Michelle Obama's possible invites, though neither party has been confirmed by the Palace. Who pays for the royal wedding? As with the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's wedding, the royal family will foot the bill. Who will design Meghan Markle's wedding dress? The designer behind Markle's wedding dress remains a closely guarded secret. Many have looked to her previous weddingsboth on and off-screenfor hints as to what she will wear to wed Prince Harry. In September 2011, she married film producer Trevor Engelson in a beachside ceremony wearing a simple strapless dress with a silver belt. (They divorced two years later.) In Suits, Markle's on-screen persona wears a far more traditional design to almost-marry Mike, which she said at the time was not really her style. The dress in question, designed by Anne Barge, was a very princess-y affair, featuring an elaborately beaded bodice with a plunging V-neck that fanned into a full A-line tulle skirt, all in white. Her wedding to Prince Harry is, naturally, going to require a very different sort of dress. As with the Duchess of Cambridge's wedding dress selection, this is perhaps the biggest commission of the year. It is widely expected that she will opt for a British designer, as the Duchess of Cambridge did with Sarah Burton for Alexander McQueen. Among the royal wedding dress design contenders are: British couture label Ralph & Russo, the brand behind the embellished dress Markle wore for her official engagement portraits in December 2017; Erdem, a royal favourite; Giles Deacon, who designed Pippa Middleton's wedding dress last year; Bruce Oldfield, who famously dressed the late Princess Diana; and two of the Duchess of Cambridge's favourite labels, Alexander McQueen and Jenny Packham. Roland Mouret and Antonio Berardi, two London-based designers and long-time favourites of Markle, have also been floated as possible options. What do we know about her engagement ring? Prince Harry proposed to Markle over a roast chicken at home with a three-stone engagement ring he designed himself. The centre stone is a diamond from Botswana, where the young royal founded the children's health charity Sentebale with Prince Seeiso in 2006. It is flanked by diamonds on either side, borrowed from Princess Diana's personal collection. The gold ring, worth an estimated 50,000, was made by Cleave and Co, court jewellers and medallists to Queen Elizabeth II. Who will Markle's bridesmaids be? Princess Charlotte and Prince George are likely to be a flower girl and page boy, respectively, but Markle is also expected to choose from her close circle of friends for her bridesmaids. Likely candidates include actress Priyanka Chopra, tennis champion Serena Williams, designer Misha Nonoo and stylist Jessica Mulroney. Will Prince William be Prince Harry's best man? Strictly speaking, royals have a supporter rather than a best man, but Prince Harry did perform the role for his big brother seven years ago. While recording a charity interview in January 2018, Prince William revealed he had yet to be asked, saying it could be a sensitive subject. The groom-to-be has been usher for a number of his friends including Guy Pelly, Thomas van Straubenzee and Tom Inskip. Speaking to crowds in Edinburgh last February, Prince Harry did say that his brother was in charge of the stag do, so make of that what you will. Will Meghan Markle make a speech at her wedding? According the The Sunday Times, she will. A self-proclaimed feminist, Markle will break with tradition and not let the men do all the talking at her own wedding, a first for the British royal bride. The bride-to-be is said to be planning an affectionate tribute for her new husband, a few jokes, and will give thanks to the Queen, her family and friends. Where will Prince Harry and Meghan Markle honeymoon? The couple's honeymoon plans have not been revealed, but Botswana is one of the rumoured possibilities. It is already a special place for the pair: Markle and Prince Harry travelled there to celebrate her birthday just three weeks after meeting. When they announced their engagement, they spoke fondly about camping out under the stars together. Will Meghan Markle be a princess once she marries Prince Harry? She will, but not in her own righther title will be HRH Princess Henry of Wales. However, it is likely that the Queen will bestow a title on the couple when they wed, as she did with Prince William and Kate Middleton in 2011. It has been suggested Prince Harry could become the Duke of Sussex, making Markle the Duchess of Sussex. The couple will continue to reside in their current Kensington Palace apartment, Nottingham Cottage, a two-bed property on the 17th-century estate. While we wait for updates, here are some of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's sweetest moments together.
Last year, as Vogue India celebrated its 10th-anniversary they got supermodel and reality TV star Kendall Jenner to star on the cover shot which was shot in Jaipur by Mario Testino. Indian heat throb Sushant Singh Rajput accompanied her in the photoshoot of the 10th-anniversary issue as well. This did not go down to well with the fans and readers of the fashion magazine as people complained about why the publication didn't choose a cover star that better represented its readers. Now, in the March issue of Vogue, Kendall's sister the OG Kardashian, Kim Kardashian West struck a pose for the cover shot. The mother of three never fails to leave an impression and makes a statement in everything she does and she proved just that in the cover shot. The March cover of the magazine is photographed by Greg Swales and styled by Anaita Shroff Adajania. \"I have nothing against Kim Kardashian but @VOGUEIndia is really doing itself a disservice by continually neglecting to portrait [sic] brown women in their 'magazine'  you're perpetuating a detrimental cycle of underrepresentation. Stop whitewashing your own damn culture,\" tweeted Aditi Prasad under the handle @P_diti. Here are some more tweets where readers expressed concerns: No shade on the Kardashians.. but like y'all seriously couldn't find an INDIAN for the cover? First Kendall & now Kim? @VOGUEIndia  Jenny (@jennymarie_93) February 27, 2018 I can't believe @VOGUEIndia featured Kim Kardashian on their cover as if we don't see her featured on a different magazine every day. India's vogue should embrace and feature their own south Asian women instead of choosing someone from pop culture  fari (@fariiihaa) February 27, 2018 We have so many GORGEOUS Indian women who could be on the cover of @VOGUEIndia but you put Kim Kardashian on there. In 2018. Newp  Sowmya Krishnamurthy (@SowmyaK) February 27, 2018 The fashion industry loves to preach about the importance of diversity & the efforts made towards it but then @VOGUEIndia will go & put Kim K on its cover  Ak (@__akxo) February 27, 2018
I was lucky enough to get my hands on a pair of Vogue Eyewear sunglasses from the new Welcome to the Sweet Side' project that speaks to the cosmopolitan attitude of contemporary women. These special edition sun frames feature gorgeous high-volume shapes with a discreet, yet distinctive metal heart dcor that reveals a stylish new angle on metropolitan style. This light-weight frame comes with a subtle gradient and a sleek & fine metal double-bridge. The latest #ShowYourVogue campaign by Vogue Eyewear is a fun take on how today's woman is more interested in things that go beyond beauty and vanity. Sure we love our selfies but we love a lot else too! For me, that's travel. I've mentioned it before on the blog that I try and accommodate as much travel as I possibly can in my life. Work as an influencer never truly stops, so why not mix it up with travel and squeeze life for all its worth! I recently travelled to Rajasthan with my family and apart from my usual outfit posts' that are something that I naturally share on the blog, I decided to showcase Rajasthan and its elements in a slightly different way  through the sunglasses! A fun little project which was so much more interesting than simply shooting an outfit I'd say. What do you think?! Enjoy these pics of Rajasthan and how I decided to #ShowYourVogue! Love how subtle the gradient in these sunglasses is  visible only when you hold it against the light! Hope you enjoyed the post! Stay connected with me over Facebook | Twitter | Instagram | Pinterest | *{ client }
Pairing her basics with a blush pink jacket from Tokree, Vaani was photographed as she made her way in to the local airport. Glossy lip color aside, white slides rounded out the look. Her off-duty look worked! Vaani Kapoor Photo Credit: Viral Bhayani
Pairing her denims with a Balmain tank, Malaika was photographed as she made her way in to the airport. A gold-toned cuff, Balenciaga tote and pair of Louboutins were among her accessories of choice. She made it all work! Shop a version of the Balmain tee and Balenciaga tote as seen on Malaika here and here. Shop the Christian Louboutin boots here. P.S: See Athiya wear this Balmain tee here. Malaika Arora Photographed At The Airport Photo Credit: Viral Bhayani
For a recent round of travel, Malaika picked a slouchy suit to wear. Ponytail in place, she rounded out her look with a pair of Chanel espadrilles. She worked her off-duty look! Malaika Arora Malaika Arora Photo Credit: Viral Bhayani
As she made her way in to the airport, Kajal was photographed in a Pero maxi. A roomy tote and comfy sandals aside, she rounded out her look with a pair of oversized gold-toned hoops. In a perfect world, the bag would've been different But this was at the airport and so, meh! Kajal looked lovely. Kajal Aggarwal Photo Credit: Viral Bhayani
Wearing a graphic tee with a pleated pink skirt (both from Madison), Shruti was photographed as she exited Mumbai airport. With her hair in a top knot, the actor rounded out the look with a Rebecca Minkoff bag and pair of chunky Topshop sandals. Like the look on her? Shruti Haasan Photographed At The Airport Photo Credit: Viral Bhayani
Moviestar shades, roomy bags, trusty denims and comfy shoes Of these lovely ladies, whose travel style jumps out at you the most? For reasons both good and bad! L To R: Kareena Kapoor Khan, Taapsee Pannu, Sonakshi Sinha And Parineeti Chopra Photographed At The Airport L To R: Kareena Kapoor Khan, Taapsee Pannu, Sonakshi Sinha And Parineeti Chopra Photographed At The Airport Photo Credit: Viral Bhayani
Keeping it simple, sporty and casual in her separates, Deepika Padukone was photographed as she made her way in to the airport. Ponytail in place, the actor rounded out the look with a pair of shades and her trusty Nikes. She sure worked her off-duty look! Deepika Padukone Photographed At The Airport Deepika Padukone Photographed At The Airport Photo Credit: Viral Bhayani
The Power of two: Global icons #AishwaryaRaiBachchan and Pharrell Williams (@pharrell) take over our #April2018 issue! Photographed by: Greg Swales (@gregswalesart). Styled by: Anaita Shroff Adajania (@anaitashroffadajania). Hair: Yianni Tsapatori/ Faze Management (Aishwarya) (@yiannitsapatori). Make-up: Anil Chinnappa (Aishwarya) (@anilc68). Production: Imran Khatri Productions (@ikp.insta) A post shared by VOGUE India (@vogueindia) on Apr 2, 2018 at 6:31pm PDT During my usual morning routine of scrolling through InstagramPast the puppies, pretty makeup flatlays and double-tap worthy beauty products, I came across an unusual duo on this month's cover of Vogue India. One being, Pharrell Williams, a pop-artist I dance my heart out to almost every Friday night with my girlfriends and the other Aishwarya Rai Bachchan, a lady with unmatchable class. We all love these two celebrities in very contrasting ways and seeing them together in one frame only upped the awesomeness factor. Style guru Anaita Shroff Adajania went pastel all the way for this cover and worked Aishwarya's curves in a beautiful Gaurav Gupta creation, while Pharrell wore his own special Holi collection in collaboration with Adidas Originals. Both of them sported such contrasting styles but blended so well together on the cover. But the inside spread showed them matching to the TFull sleeves, red hues, badass expressions et all! Red alert: Pharrell Williams (@pharrell) and #AishwaryaRaiBachchan in our #April2018 issue. Photographed by: Greg Swales (@gregswalesart). Styled by: Anaita Shroff Adajania (@anaitashroffadajania). Hair: Yianni Tsapatori/ Faze Management (Aishwarya) (@yiannitsapatori). Make-up: Anil Chinnappa (Aishwarya) (@anilc68) A post shared by VOGUE India (@vogueindia) on Apr 2, 2018 at 7:00pm PDT What do you think of this swanky duo? Let us know in the comments below! Follow @missmalinifashion and @missmalinibeauty on Instagram for more updates.
Never in a million years would I have thought I'd see Aishwarya and Pharell on a cover together. But then, stranger things have happened. (Quite literally! :) ) While she does look phenomenal waist up (and am still figuring out where her lower half went), I am also wondering what led to the decision to make Pharrell wear different holi-colored clothes vs the ones he did have on while celebrating Holi (see below). Unless he attended another Holi party as well in the Adidas clothes and was just pressed for time to change. Can some fashion insider let us know! :P Your thoughts! P.S. Aishwarya is wearing Gaurav Gupta. Photo Credit: Viral Bhayani
Supermodel Naomi Campbell who literally created an uproar when she entered the glamourous industry in the late 20th century is asking all the valid questions. Recently the beauty was seen attending a fashion week in Lagos, Nigeria where she raised an extremely valid point. She asked why Vogue wasn't brought to Africa. Naomi who is a contributing editor at British Vogue herself stated,  There should be a Vogue Africa. We just had Vogue Arabia  it is the next progression. It has to be. It is strange and sad to see the divide still existing and how one of the most oldest and influential magazine is at the helm of it. The African edition is long withstanding. One of the major speculations why Vogue's not present in Africa yet is said to be the lack of adequate luxury market or as Campbell states. Africa has never had the opportunity to be out there and their fabrics and their materials and their designs be accepted on the global platform. It shouldn't be that way. People have come to realize it is not about the color of your skin to define if you can do the job or not. However, it is interesting to notice that Vogue's parent company, Conde Nast does publish South African versions of GQ, Glamour, GQ Style and House & Garden. Various other fashion publications like, Marie Claire, Elle and Cosmopolitan distributes their own version. On an interesting note, South Africa is the only African country that carries such a wide and extensive lineup of international publications. What do you guys think? Comment and let us know
Wearing a Versus safety pin' tee, Rani jetted out of Mumbai recently. A Chanel tote and pair of tan booties were among the actor's accessories of choice. She made her off-duty look work for her. P.S: Shop the tee here. Rani Mukerji Photo Credit: Viral Bhayani
For a recent round of travel, Divya picked Little Things separates to wear. With her hair in a half-bun, she rounded out the look with a Sophie Hulme bag and pair of metallic Bottega Veneta slides. You like? Divya Khosla Kumar Photo Credit: Viral Bhayani
Raymond is a brand rooted in the Indian sartorial sensibilities since 1925. A prominent name in worsted suiting and fabric and garment innovations, the brand has come out with a new collection this year that focuses on khadi, along with a conceptualised visual narrative titled The Story Re-Spun'. The video portrays the transformation of khadi from being the Fabric of the Nation' to becoming a part of a new-age fashion ensemble that combines deep-rooted Indianness with the craftsmanship of khadi. The collection offers contemporary pieces for both menswear and womenswearranging from casual to workwear and occasion wear. The idea behind the collection and the narrative was to help rejuvenate the traditional Indian craft by collaborating with artisans and designer, to create products that are relevant and compelling for today's consumers. Khadi is an age-old fabric steeped in the culture and history of India. The fabric has been a symbol of India's freedom struggle, and is now significant to a compelling cause of financial stability for the diminishing sect of khadi weavers. As part of the initiative, Raymond worked at grassroots level with almost 100 khadi clusters across India in the past year, in association with KVIC (Khadi and Village Industries Commission), bringing about changes for the weavers by disseminating design and technical expertise through khadi manufacturing clusters across the country. The Story Re-Spun showcases how Raymond is adding value to the entire chain of khadi production. The initiative aims at changing the perception of khadi, so that the consumers view it as not just a functional fabric, but also one that can be the force of fashion in the country and in time, on a global platform. The collection is available across all Raymond stores, select KVIC outlets, leading e-commerce portals and multi-brand outlets. Scroll through our slideshow for a closer look.
A quick glance at my wardrobe usually leads to three assumptions. I live in a country with sub-zero temperatures. I am a woman in her late thirties, actively battling a mid-life crisis with a new-found passion for knitting. I am a neat freak who fills her free time colour-coordinating her clothes. Exactly one of the above is true. While I can get borderline obsessive about colour-coding, the reality is that I'm a 26-year-old who lives in a humid city with nearly six months of summer. The neatly stacked rows of sweaters and layers you see in my closet are a result of where I'm seated at the Vogue India officeright under the vent of one of the gargantuan air conditioners that dot our workplace. On any given day, you'll find me typing frantically, teeth chattering and hair blowing ever-so-slightly in the 18-degree breeze (seriously, the resemblance with an actress from a low-budget Bollywood film is hard to miss). My mornings usually start with me treating my colleagues to a comic visual. Picture this: A girl of average height, who clearly enjoys indulging in the not-so-occasional chocolate cookie, turning up the vents of an overhead air conditioner with the assistance of a variety of objects including but not limited to water bottles and borrowed-from-your-grandpa umbrellas. As the day progresses, I am either seen strategically hiding the remote between hard-bound books from people immune to torturous temperatures (I'm looking at you copy chief Shalini Shah) or answering the famed Aren't you feeling hot in what you're wearing? If I had a dime for every time I was asked that question, I would be rich or at least investing in some quality cashmere. I've also mastered the poker face whenever I am accused of turning the office into a hot house. Over the last two years, somewhere between the hiding and the temperature-controlling, I've perfected the art of scouting great knits from the nooks and crannies of stores and websites (because where else would they be bang in the middle of summer?). So here I am, sharing my love for layers, coming to the rescue of my fellow frost-phobes. You're welcome!
Local designers to know Selfi: The Cape Town-based label takes its cues from nature. Expect to find wrap dresses, pantsuits and jumpsuits in earthy tones and soft pastels. Visit Selfi.co.za Rich Mnisi: Minimalist yet extremist' is how Mnisi sums up his work. His collections are inspired by both Africa (bold colours and prints) and pop culture. Visit Richmnisi.com Lalesso: The ethical label's bright kaftans, bikinis, breezy dresses and woven baskets would feel right at home on sun-kissed shores. Visit Lalesso.com Pichulik: Katherine-Mary Pichulik and her all-women team create bold, handcrafted accessories including necklaces, earrings and bracelets using materials sourced from Africa. Visit Int.pichulik.com Where to shop? Maison Mara: Situated in the eclectic hub De Waterkant, it houses some of the world's coolest designers like JW Anderson and Comme des Garons. Visit Maisonmara.co.za Merchants on Long: Visit this space for its carefully curated cluster of African design, art and fashion. Visit Merchantsonlong.com What to shop for? Wardrobe basics: Crisp white T-shirts, floral dresses, lots of denim, layering for cooler months and, of course, great swim and beachwear. Street style: Effortless, light and casual, thanks to the subtropical climate.  Amy Scheepers, fashion photographer, art director, blogger, Amyscheepers.com
One event you'll always see marked on our calendar for the month of May is the Cannes Film Festival. The 11-day-long action-packed affair can always be counted on to bring a slew of sartorial inspiration along with it, with designs by fashion heavyweights like Dior, Elie Saab, Ralph & Russo and Anamika Khanna featuring on the red carpet. The newest addition to this impressive designer list? Bollywood's favourite couturier, Manish Malhotra. Not only will his designs be worn by Nawazuddin Siddiqui this year (the actor will be attending the festival for his film Manto), the designer will be also make his debut appearance at the sought-after event with ice cream giant Magnum. Malhotra joins the list of Bollywood stars like Deepika Padukone, Aishwarya Rai Bachchan and Sonam Kapoor, who have been regular Cannes attendees in the past. Manish Malhotra, who is known for his remarkable parties, will be hosting an event in collaboration with the British-Dutch brand. Expect to spot everyone from Hollywood actor Bella Hadid to designer Alexander Wang and other global icons on the star-studded guest-list at this party. Whether it is fashion runways or Bollywood movies, Malhotra has created standout looks for everyone from Kareena Kapoor Khan to Alia Bhatt and other Bollywood A-listers. The couturier will be creating an exclusive accessory for American supermodel Bella Hadid, which will be inspired by the delectable Magnum Ice Cream. It's wonderful to be the first Indian designer to showcase the pleasure of socialising with Magnum, and make my debut at Cannes this year. Also, it's an honour to create something exclusively for Bella Hadid, a true global style icon. The accessory will be inspired by Magnum, befitting true decadence and the art of socialising. I'm really looking forward to it, said the designer.
Remember Kate Moss' first Met Gala, dressed in a minimalist Calvin Klein dress? What about the Princess who stole the show in 1996? Or, when Cher bared (nearly) all in a sheer Bob Mackie gown that has since inspired a legion of interpretations amongst today's fashion heroines? Here are Vogue's most legendary Met Gala style moments through the agesthe style sensations (and sometimes shocks) that have galvanised the ball's reputation as the fashion world's most powerful red carpet. In 1974, a lifetime before Kendall Jenner bared all with a crystalline thong-cum-dress by La Perla, Cher attended the second-ever Met Ball in a risqu custom feather-trim gown designed by Bob Mackie, her go-to costume designer. The singer's shimmering cobweb dress made the exposure of her peachy flesh an integral part of the look, kickstarting the Met's naked dress' phenomenon and inspiring a slew of followers, including Kim Kardashian's Roberto Cavalli retake at the 2015 Met Gala, Beyonc's Givenchy by Riccardo Tisci moment (also in 2015) and Madonna's thong-backed lace dress (also Givenchy) in 2016.
In case you haven't heard it yet, Louis Vuitton will be carrying ready-to-wear pieces in India. Starting with a pop-up in New Delhi's DLF Emporio store, the French brand will be giving its consumers a taste of what's coming ahead with select pieces from the pre-fall ready-to-wear collection. One of the last collections by ex-men's artistic director Kim Jones, the line features the brand's mascot Vivienne. If you can't wait until the women wear hits the stores or if you simply like your men's section finds, these are pieces you need. The baseball cap has been trending amongst stars for a while now. This one is perfect to add to a day dress or a pair of ripped jeans and a tank top, to protect yourself from the sweltering heat. If you're a fan of skinny clutches, the Pochette Apollo Upside Down' is just what you need. It is arm candy for events when you don't feel the need to commit to an actual handbagjust put your phone and credit card in, and you're good to go. Airport style If you're a fan of logos, go with the Upside Down Logo' sweatshirt that's equal parts cool and cosy. The Louis Vuitton Men's Pre-Fall Collection Pop-Up will be held until June 4 at the DLF Emporio Mall, 4, Nelson Mandela Road, Vasant Kunj, New Delhi
While Kareena Kapoor Khan returned to Mumbai from London in a cosy sweatshirt last night, Anushka Sharma boarded her flight out of the city in the classic white top and jeans combination, and almost all of the rest of Bollywood stepped out in heavy festive wear. Janhvi Kapoor, Rani Mukerji and Karisma Kapoor opted for elegant white Indian ethnic ensembles for Sonam Kapoor and Anand Ahuja's mehandi celebration yesterday, as did Jacqueline Fernandez and Katrina Kaif. Overseas, both Priyanka Chopra and Deepika Padukone went bold in shades of red at the 2018 edition of the Met Gala. Take a closer look at all the celebrity OOTDs now. Kareena Kapoor Khan coordinates her travel look with Saif Ali Khan If you were wondering about Kareena Kapoor Khan's absence from her Veere Di Wedding co-star Sonam Kapoor's star-studded celebrations so far, it's because the actor was busy travelling in London with husband Saif Ali Khan. The star touched down in Mumbai last night in a look that you can't miss if you love cosy casual separates, you can't miss her latest look. Always a fan of slogan separates, Kareena Kapoor Khan stepped out of Mumbai's international terminal wearing a white hoodie that said Happening, and matched the red and white travel staple with sky blue tracks featuring crimson details. The actor's trousers were almost the same shade as her husband's. Janhvi Kapoor paints a pretty picture in Tarun Tahiliani Over at Sonam Kapoor's mehandi function, budding star Janhvi Kapoor showcased one of the prettiest looks from the day. The actor attended her cousin's celebrations yesterday in a creamy, semi-sheer Tarun Tahiliani lehenga featuring white embroidery and gold floral details. Worn with a snug embroidered blouse, Janhvi Kapoor's pastel lehenga made the ideal pick for the baraati who isn't afraid to flaunt her summer-ready abs. Kapoor elevated her party-ready look with a stunning choker by Khurana Jewellery House, along with chunky earrings and matching bangles. To complete her look, Janhvi Kapoor picked a pretty gold potli by Bhumika Grover, and went with beachy waves and a subtle smoky eye for her beauty look. Anushka Sharma works a classic combination Another star spotted at Mumbai airport yesterday was Anushka Sharma. A fan of casual, fuss-free separates, Sharma was spotted making her way out of Mumbai last night in yet another simple, yet on-point ensemble. This time around, Sharma was seen at the departures terminal wearing a knitted white sweater with elbow-length sleeves, and instead of opting for predictable skinnies, the actor went with wide-legged jeans that perfectly complemented her lean frame. To finish her off-duty look, Sharma picked black strappy heels and a practical beige tote. She added a touch of drama to her otherwise simple look with a swipe of mascara and a hint of nude lipstick. Missed what Priyanka Chopra, Deepika Padukone and Sonam Kapoor wore over the past 24 hours? Catch up now.
When it comes to wedding style, no one has brought sumptuousness to traditionalism quite like Sabyasachi Mukherjee. So when the Kolkata-based designer says he's leaning towards pretty glamour, that's a whole new direction.  Flora and fauna, gossamer fabrics and diaphanous layering in easy breezy silhouettesthe overall mood has become cheerful, dreamy and nostalgia-laden.  Push the envelope in strong colours like bright cadmium yellow, kingfisher blue, Iranian turquoise, coral, lemon and lime with extreme fluorescence.  Put a modern spin on the '70s with bright colour-blocking and minimal embroidery that can be accentuated with statement jewellery.  The fabric of the season is organza in extreme silhouetteshyper volume or slim and tapered.  Use colour like never before and do exactly the opposite with your make-up. 7652 Swimsuit inspiration from the celebrities Your fellow 40-something celebrities are enough proof that you don't need to throw in the (beach) towel once you enter this decade. Take Shilpa Shetty Kundra for instance. One look at her black halter monokini with crochet detailing, and you know those Sunday binges are clearly not restricting her swimwear choices. Halter and black seem to be keywords for fellow members of this clique. Karisma Kapoor prefers hers in the form of a high-waist bikini while Amrita Arora Ladak is all about risqu necklines. Water babies with a nothing is off limits' mindset will find their alter egos in the likes of Malaika Arora and Sofia Vergara. From itsy bikinis to back-baring suits, everything is in your domain. And if you thought suits with skirted bottoms were best reserved for your mother's wardrobe, January Jones will change your mind. How to ace swimwear in your 40s Don't let frumpy be the sartorial f-word associated with your beach life at 40-plus. All you need to do is choose pieces that help you embrace your age as well as your assets. Not quite sure if you can pull off the bikini like you once did? Work one-pieces to your advantage instead. Luckily, they are back in vogue with a vengeance, and can be as sexy as they can be flattering. Hit the trial room with ruched, ruffled, halter or backless numbers, and make a splash with the one that puts you most at ease. But don't write off bikinis altogether. If can't convince yourself to go all the way, start by pairing a bikini top and shorts with a flimsy kaftan to lounge by the pool. There's no such thing as a no-go, no matter your age. Even so, a few handy tips can ease the process of selection. Side cut-outs are ideal to create the illusion of an hourglass figure whereas a demure empire waist cut-out is the starter pack for the shy ones. Use ruffles to add volume to your bust and neoprene-like fabrics or panels with diagonal stripes to slim down your torso. We've taken the liberty of picking out the best swimsuits for your summers in the slideshow below. All you need now is that summer reading list and a ticket (preferably one-way) to the Bahamas. This story is a part of our Dress For Your Age series which busts myths about what you can and can't wear at a certain age
Her hair is down, feet are bare, and nails, colour-free. She flops onto a sofa and puts her feet updressed in casual joggers, no make-up. Much like her on-screen persona, understated yet power-packedshe's every inch the regular girl, yet there's something striking about Aditi Rao Hydari. I meet her on a Sunday evening at her home in Mumbai, where she tells me she's laying low; no one (from her professional world) is supposed to know she's in town. I'm here to figure out how Hydari remains so fresh-faced and fit in light of an actor's hectic schedule. FIT START Hydari measures her words, her hands twist gracefully, acting out her feelings. It's hard to imagine her as anything other than a performer. Some kids are born with the drama-queen streak. I didn't grow up in a home that discussed or watched Indian cinema. But my mom tells me I sang before I spoke and danced before I walked, she says. I start with the obviouswhat's her secret to staying so poised? Her elegance can be credited to the discipline and grace classically trained dancers come with. But there's a free-spiritedness and witticism about her that probably comes from her alternative upbringing at home and boarding school (the Krishnamurti Foundation-run Rishi Valley School, outside of Bengaluru). Her near-perfect manners remind you that Hydari comes from a line of royals from her mother's side; her father comes from a prominent family from the Nizam's ministry. Our home in Hyderabad was on a hill. The house help lived at the bottom of the hill. I was perennially in their home, eating and playing. It was like living in [Enid] Blyton's The Faraway Tree, she says. She was born in Hyderabad, grew up in Delhi, straddling the traditional side of her heritage with her modern everyday life. Her maternal grandmother has been her greatest inspiration. I dressed girly in kurtas, bindis and braids because I loved Bharat Natyam. But my Nani would give me junk food, put me in shorts, let my ringlets free, and send me out in the mud to play. BODY BEAUTIFUL Her grandmother showed her how to live the fit life; she taught her to cycle and play badminton, to be physical and hands-on. Hydari explains, I find gyms too confining and industrial. I trained in Bharat Natyam since I was five. My teacher made us do ballet, kalaripayattu, yoga and stretches as well as go for runs. Her routine consists of circuit training at home, ashtanga yoga, pilates and dancing. When time is short, skipping and theraband or 10 surya namaskars to engage her core is good enough. Read the complete interview in Vogue India's May 2018 issue that hits stands on May 2, 2018 On Aditi: Bikini, jacket, trousers, shoes; all Herms. Ring, Angana Nanavaty Jewelry. Bangles, H&M Photographed by Errikos Andreou. Styled by Anaita Shroff Adajania Hair and makeup: Elton Fernandez/Inega. Production: Imran Khatri Productions; Divya Jagwani. Photographer's assistants: Chinnu Nair; Ankit Sharma. Photographer's agency: DEU: Creative Management. Assistant stylist: Priyanka Parkash. Hair and makeup assistant: Krishna Kami. Editorial assistant: Janine Dubash. Prop: Korah' outdoor chair, Abaca. Location courtesy: Su Casa, Mumbai. Cover image shot on OnePlus
Celebrity jewellery designer and gemologist Farah Khan Ali is renowned for her feminine designs. Recently, Khan Ali collaborated with ice cream brand Magnum for a limited edition jewellery collection. Drawing inspiration from Magnum ice cream's latest campaign titled #TakePleasureSeriously', the new collection is crafted with sheer details in 18k goldthink minimal bracelets, statement earrings and pendants. This collaboration with Magnum was a natural thing that came together because it involved chocolates, and I love chocolates. I took their confections and I decided to do a playful collection with chocolate diamonds and caramel enamelwith a hint of rose gold, because it makes it look very rich and luscious. I've created seven different pieces in this collection and decided to name each of them after a sensory pleasure, explains Khan Ali. Bollywood actor Kalki Koechlin played the muse for the celebrity jeweller's latest collection. As soon as I thought of a muse, Kalki Koechlin came to mind. Her positive energy and playful take on life made me create a collection that is perfect for someone like her. Chocolate brown diamonds are set within caramel-like enamel layers to mimic desserts, and the pieces are created and named according to the emotions that consuming a Magnum ice cream bring. Some of the pieces of the new collaboration include: Bliss (bracelet), Relish (ring), Luscious (brooch), Divine (necklace) to Tempt (earrings). Take a peek through our slideshow to get a closer look at the new collection.
Headed to Seoul? Here is what you need to know. Local designers JinTeok: Five decades and several standout iterations of the white shirt later, JinTeok is still one of the finest homegrown names. Visit: K-stylelab.com Big Park: Founded in 2012, this label is a nod to the '80s with bold prints and strong shoulders. Visit: K-stylelab.com Jain Song: Daughter of a veteran Korean designer, Song is known for her sharp tailoring, clean lines and minimal aesthetic. Visit: Jainsong.co.kr Where to shop? Boon the Shop: From up-and-coming to established, this space stocks up on the best in business. Visit: Boontheshop.com Gwangjang Market: If vintage finds top your wish list, look no further. Sinsadong Garosugil Road: The gingko tree-lined street is brimming with everything from independent stores to seriously cool streetwear. Wardrobe essentials: Everything feel-goodcolour, print, denim and sneakers. Street style: An eclectic mix of streetwear, vintage and finely tailored garments put together in fresh new ways.  Yuna Lee, style blogger, Yunastyle.dothome.co.kr
With her petite frame, bleached blonde hair and penchant for skin-tight leather, Donatella Versace has been the embodiment of the Italian brand's vision of femininity, style and glamour from the start. The '90s remain her most defining decade, characterised by her gold lam, sparkling silver and bondage dresses. Working alongside her brother Giannishe was his first assistant, sounding board and musethe Italian brand reached cult status, adored by the biggest celebrities and pop stars of the time including, naturally, the supers'. This was the decade when she started designing the Versus collections and, following Gianni's assassination, took over the reins of the fashion empire. Actor and writer Rupert Everett famously described the young Versace as the kamikaze blonde in black leather and stilettos, a fitting description to encapsulate her explosive mixture of charm, generosity and lust for life. Equally at ease in the company of towering supermodels as with royalty, the '90s saw her party with everyone from Elton John and Madonna, to Karl Lagerfeld and Marc Jacobs. Following her brother's death in July 1997, Donatella found herself at the helm of the $807 million dynasty. Despite her deep despair, she rallied to present her first solo collection only three months after his dramatic demise, supported by a star-studded front row including the likes of Miuccia Prada, Carla Fendi and Giorgio Armani. Two months later she resumed her public appearances, attending the opening of an exhibition in tribute to Gianni at the Metropolitan Museum of Art Costume Institute, arm in arm with Madonna and Cher, dressed to the nines in a glittering golden dress. As she prepares to celebrate her 63rd birthday and host the Met Gala, look back at Donatella Versace's most memorable '90s vintage looks through a series of intimate family pictures and glamorous red carpet appearances.
Whether you're someone who loves to start the day with yoga or heads out for a run every morning, we're sure you're well versed with the current wardrobe must-haveyoga pants. From Malaika Arora and Kareena Kapoor Khan wearing them for their gym sessions to Gigi Hadid and Selena Gomez making them a part of their travel uniform, yoga pants have turned from a gym necessity to an off-duty wardrobe staple. A great pair of tights can not only elevate your gym look but also get you through lazy summer days. Ditch your jeans and hop inside a pair of these figure flattering numbers instead for a cool way to beat the heat this summer. Go with Adidas Originals' classic black and white yoga pants or pick Lysse's playful number. Wear them to the gym with a roomy T-shirt or step out in the stretchy number for a day full of errands. Those looking for a bright number can invest in Ivy Park's maroon pants, and pair them with a printed tee. If you wish to flaunt your perfectly toned abs, head to the gym in Puma's black and grey option paired with a black sports bra. Style Reebok's printed number with a crop top when you head out for a bite, or channel athleisure by pairing Alo's pants with a denim jacket. Scroll through our edit for the best yoga pants you can buy online (without breaking your monthly budget). Prices may vary on the website
The fashion calendar has long held a familiar cadence, anchored by the autumn and spring collections that are interspersed with pre-fall and resort deliveries. But a fifth moment has made its way into the lineup, a new occasion driving shoppers to storesfestival season. Global music festivals have disrupted the fashion lineup, providing a freshand, some say, blissfully trend-resistantopportunity for dressing. Stylish, ready-to-spend customers are paying plenty to attend Vive Latino in Mexico City, Golden Plains in Victoria, Australia, and Glastonbury in the UK, and buying a new outfit has become part of the fun. Designers are meeting the need with special collections and festival-specific pieces. The new season has birthed its own set of staples, like bralettes and crossbody bags, breathing new life into those retail categories. It's our Super Bowl, says designer Rebecca Minkoff. Her contemporary designs fit seamlessly into the festival landscape, especially Coachella, the two-weekend festival that took place in southern California earlier this month. Minkoff and her team first attended the two-weekend celebration years ago and, while there, began counting the number of times they saw Minkoff's products on attendees. We realised they were numbering in the thousands, she says. The prevalence of her designs prompted Minkoff to devote more time and resources towards meeting those customers' needs. Now, she creates a special collection for the three months that make up festival season, what she calls a layer on top of her spring delivery. Hands-free bags are a key part of her offering, beginning with the classic crossbody and growing to include belt bags and backpacks. Runway trends have a bit of an influencenylon, a big part of the '90s resurgence, was a popular fabrication for her bags this yearbut festival-goers tend to be focused on a singular look, channeling their inner Woodstock, she says. That means fringe, whether it is in or not. Spending on festival dressing is hard to quantify and largely anecdotalstatistics on the growing market are focused on ticket prices and purchases at festivalsbut designers and retailers that cater to this crowd say it is big and continues to grow. The festival look, and its key components, first cropped up with Kate Moss at Glastonbury in the early '00s. The supermodel donned cut-off jean shorts and alternated between fringe suede moccasin boots and Hunter wellies while she stomped around the muddy grounds, to the envy of many. Later, appearances by British It-Girls Sienna Miller and Alexa Chung added more of a boho-vibe. In recent years, a newer guard led by the likes of Kendall and Kylie Jenner and Bella and Gigi Hadid has upped the ante. Fellow attendees, armed with camera phones, spread that style to the far corners of the internet, making the look a #MustHave for the masses. Festival style teetered on costumes for a minute there around 2015, with an overabundance of flower crowns and glitter tattoos. But it evolved in recent years, as it became clear that these festivals were more than a passing fad. It's gone from a clich to something more cool and individualised, says model-turned-designer Anine Bing. Festival collections became the new resort collections for a younger crowd. Kendall Jenner stripped down to one of Bing's lace bras for Coachella two years ago, wearing the lingerie piece as a topthe first celeb to do so, according to the designer. We make these staples precisely because they inspire people to put their personal stamp on them by styling them in unexpected ways, Bing says. Jenner paired it with leather lace-up short-shorts, a kimono shawl and a Gucci crossbody. The barely-there look was heavily photographed, a boost for Bing and the lingerie industry as a whole, and contributed to the bralette's newfound status as a coveted piece. Jenner later wore Bing's bra on top of a white T-shirtanother first. That definitely encouraged other women to wear lingerie in creative ways, she added. The trend is a boon to retailers, giving people more than just a reason to shop, but a specific occasion associated with a handful of prescribed pieces. Candice Fragis, buying and merchandising director of Farfetch has noted that the brands that aren't typically associated with the high fashion world have benefitted from the rise of festival attire as practical additions to any ensemble, such as Hunter boots and Patagonia jackets. And any line with a festival aesthetic as part of its DNAlike the fringe tops and beaded headbands from Caravanastands to do well this time of year. Since festival season doesn't fall neatly into the existing fashion calendar, and festival dates are scattered around the world, retailers like Net-a-Porter often rely on exclusives and capsule collections to cater to these moments, says Lisa Aiken, retail fashion director. What Aiken calls high summer has become an important season for the site, she says, made up primarily of vacation pieces that can be interpreted into festival dressing. The site even featured a Coachella guide for the last season, which included a $1,360 Isabel Marant white crochet bodysuit. At Revolve Clothing, festival season is big enough to be equivalent to the holiday season for other retailers, says Lauren Yerkes, president of buying and merchandising. The Los Angeles-based e-commerce retailer sees festival attire as a natural extension of its southern California roots. Calling all hot hippies, indie babes, street hunnies and flower power girls, the website reads. We have the perfect outfits to fit your vibe. The site's festival collection extends to beauty too, with a specially-themed box of products as part of a collaboration with influencer and YouTuber Jenn Im. It promises to provide all the essentials, including eucalyptus-scented deodorant, waterproof mascara, three shades of glittery eye shadow and, of course, sunscreen. To help make festivals even more fashionable, brands like Revolve staged parties and special events at or near the main event. Revolve upped its game this year with its own mini-music festival alongside Coachella, featuring its own musical acts (including A$AP Rocky and Snoop Dogg). Revolve's network of power influencers was out in full forceEmily Ratajkowski and Nicole Richie were scheduled to appear. Dubbed #REVOLVEfestival, it was billed as a two-day FOMO-inducing party. It's perhaps the most extreme example of a retailer doing what it can to ensure the season continues to grow. But ultimately, the staying power of festival shopping depends almost entirely on the popularity of the festivals themselves. Festival dressing requires a festivalone that people want to pay to attend. But fringe lovers have no need to fear. As long as big-name acts continue to participateBeyonc at this year's Coachella, for exampleit's safe to say the fashionable throngs will be there, and will need something new to wear.
With great power comes great to-do lists, but you already knew that. Now that you've earned your way up the career ladder in your 40s, you'd think that you'd have more time on your hands. But the designated 24 hours a day remain as inflexible as ever for all the things that you want to achieve and all the experiences you want to pack in. With a to-do list that secretly multiplies itself when you aren't looking, putting together multiple outfits for work and then adding another one for drinks later can seem like a huge ask. But this is where your multitasking powers come in handy. Instead of having a duffel bag stashed under your desk with a complete outfit change for the happy hours, make your wardrobe work as hard as you do. Here's how. At the heart of all your desk-to-drinks endeavours is versatilitythe magic word that can double the potential of your wardrobe before your eyes. A basic little black dress during the day, dressed up with statement accessories to make heads turn at night, thank you very much. You've likely established a signature style of your own over the decades as well, and a couple of tried-and-tested basics from your particular area of comfort are just what you need to get started. If you feel your most confident in a pencil skirt, look for non-boring tops to keep things fun. The trick is to play with opposites herea mid-calf length tailored skirt will comply with the office dress code, while a wrap top in a neutral hue can serve as the perfect canvas to be dressed up with accessories before heading out for the night. The downside of having an established style is that you may find yourself sticking to your comfort zone. The next time you go shopping, challenge yourself to pick up a silhouette that you don't have in your wardrobe yet. Peplum makes for a fail-safe way to add drama to an otherwise basic outfit, and provides coverage around the midriff as a bonus. Structured box pleats offer a great way to break free of the monotony of A-line formal dresses, and only require a pair of killer heels to go from boardroom to bar. The 40s have the potential to translate into one of your strongest sartorial decades yet, as you are likely to have picked up some key fashion investments along the way. A power blazer is all you need to keep up with your global domination plans at work, and can always be paired with a jumpsuit underneath for your after-office plans. When it comes to accessories, a pair of razor-sharp pumps is a must-have for any woman in her 40s, and works for the office as well as the pub with enviable ease. Find yourself a statement handbag from your favourite designer to elevate a basic outfitpick from the understated elegance of an Herms to the all-out drama of Gucci's embellished shoulder bags. Nail the art of making your wardrobe pull double-duty with our handy edit of the best desk-to-drink pieces that deserve a spot in your closet. This story is a part of our Dress For Your Age series which busts myths about what you can and can't wear at a certain age
If there is one thing we've deduced from following Alia Bhatt's style ever since her onscreen debut in 2012, it's that this young lady is exceedingly comfortable in her skin. Even as Bhatt played around to discover her sartorial voice, her natural confidence has been her strongest accessory from the very onset. As a result, the actor can never be accused of letting the clothes wear her. Bhatt's style may have become more experimental over the years, but her affinity for choosing looks that are high on comfort has remained intact. This probably explains her penchant for Anita Dongre's creations. Dongre is favoured for her ability to find inspiration in tradition and retain its essence while reimagining it for the modern Indian woman. Obviously, Bhatt fits the mould of being a designer's muse flawlessly. She is most often spotted in breezy kurtas and anarkalis by the brand, reinforcing that ease is non-negotiable when making a style statement. Most recently, the Raazi actor was seen in a printed muslin suit with a delicate hint of gota patti, dori, zardozi and pearl work from Dongre's spring/summer '18 Song of Summer' collection. For a dressed-up vibe, Bhatt is drawn towards layered looks from the design house. The demure peach maxi with a light embellished jacket, as seen on her, is all about feminine charm. The tulle skirt matched with an organza wrap bandi, on the other hand, is the very definition of summer-ready repertoire. Looking for a flattering yet forgiving reception ensemble? Borrow inspiration from the embroidered and mirror work floor-length anarkali seen on the petite star. The plunging neckline and long sleeves strike the right balance. Leave the dcolletage bare and insert silver earrings, just like the actor, to round off your look. Bhatt keeps her styling as fuss-free as Dongre's outfitsthink dewy makeup, soft curls and elegant earrings. Less is more' maximises the impact in this case. Browse through our slideshow for a closer look at all the times Alia Bhatt was seen in Anita Dongre.
The logical reasoning behind why women require so many shoes has escaped scientists and common men alike, but that doesn't change the fact that you can truly never feel like you have enough shoes. If you're anything like us, you probably bristled at having your prized possessions unceremoniously lumped into the generic category of shoes'. Everyone knows that the gems hiding in your shoe cupboard serve many varied purposesfrom your go-to kicks being the perfect recipe for an adrenalin rush during workouts, and those classic pumps that help you feel a couple of crucial inches taller at work, to your favourite spiky heels that have sworn to never tell on your many shenanigans at the club. The love affair between a girl and her choice of footwear may be as old as time, but you've probably only grazed at the surface yet. As the ever-expanding world of fashion throws up everything from Christopher Kane's vision of furry Crocs to Saint Laurent's crystal boots dipped in Swarovski at you, it is time to rewind back to the start and work your way up from there. From the history behind your favourite kicks to the must-have shoe categories that every girl needs to own, here's everything you need to know about this wardrobe mainstay. Sports shoes You don't have to be an iron-pumping gym enthusiast to have a prized pair of sneakers tucked in your closet. Maybe you wear them thin at your frequent sojourns on the treadmill, or maybe you picked them up because they fit the arch of your foot just so, but you are totally forgiven for playing favourites when it comes to this closet staple. Originally called the plimsoll', these athletic shoes curried favour at the turn of the 20th century due to the spikes in the solethey yielded better traction on tennis and croquet courts. The British Army eventually ordered mass production of these shoes, due to the superior grip that the soles provided on uneven terrains. However, it is JW Foster and Sons that deserves credit for manufacturing the first running shoes in 1895they rose to prominence in the 1924 Olympics. How to buy the right sneakers Sneakers hold the unique distinction of being the solitary shoes you can't just borrow while browsing through your sister or your roomie's closet. When it comes to athletic shoes, you need more than something that fitsthe shoe itself needs to hug your foot just so, to the point that you forget you are even wearing sneakers in the first place. And if you haven't found that for yourself yet, you need to keep looking. Opt for the wet test to identify the exact shape of your soles, before your next trip to the shops. Run some water over both your feet to wet them, stand on a piece of paper and observe the imprint left behind on the sheet. A radical curve between your toes and the heels implies that you've got high arches, while a negligible gap between the two means that you've got flatter feet. Armed with this newfound knowledge of the arches of your feet, ask the salesperson to guide you accordingly towards shoes that envelop your soles and your instep snugly. It does, however, pay to leave concession for a little wiggle roomroughly the width of a thumb between your longest toe and the shoe. Since feet tend to swell and expand when put through continuous activity, you don't want to find your ankles feeling constricted halfway through your daily run. And considering athletic shoes necessarily call for ample movement, do a trial run in the store or jog around for a bit to avoid any regrets later. Casual shoes Now that you've got your workout shoes sorted, it is time to find something that pampers your feet a bit. From espadrilles and strappy gladiators to dainty kitten heels and no-fuss ballerinas, get ready to find yourself spoilt for choice. Perfect for everything from work to brunch with the gang, a pair of on-trend steppers will pay for themselves in no time, especially when you factor in the use you will get out of them. As the fashion industry decides to consciously put its choices under the sustainability scanner, you'll find that the selection now includes multiple vegan leather options that are lighter for the planet to digest and don't involve cruelty to animalsa win-win, if you ask us. How to find the perfect casual shoes for just about everything For starters, you probably want your shoe closet to include multiple heel variations so that you have your options open when you are dressing in the mornings. Check off the staple categoriesflats that don't make your feet break out in hives, comfortable kitten heels, wedges that you can run inand then opt for variations within these quadrants, depending on your wardrobe preferences. If you love to flaunt your pins, opt for a knee-length pair of gladiators to do justice to high hemlines during the day. If you are more of a skinny jeans person, a pair of ballerina flats will pull their weight during the 9-to-5 drill and still keep you peppy when you head out to dinner later. If you're looking at your shoes to add some inches to your height, opt for comfortable heels that won't systematically kill your toes one-by-one through the dayslingbacks will stand you in good stead here. Party shoes Sure, you love your sneakers and your fuss-free ballet flats, but there's nothing like a pair of razor-sharp stilettoes to make you feel fancier than Meghan Markle on her engagement day. Give a girl the right pair of heels and she'll conquer the world, indeed. The more iconic designs over the decades include Louboutin's scarlet heelsthey were built for sin, and derived their red-lacquered soles from the shoe designer's penchant for painting the underside of his creations with red nail polish. While Carrie Bradshaw did much to further the cause of our collective heels addiction with the cult-favourite Manolo Blahniks on Sex and the City, Julia Roberts debuted a pair of vinyl thigh-high boots in Pretty Woman (1990) that we've yet to tear our eyes away from. How to find your heels of your dreams Cinderella may have been happy with just the one pair of glass slippers, but we've found that our shoe closet has an insatiable appetite when it comes to sexy five-inchers. While the art of strutting your stuff in heels is something that only comes with practice, we are here to help with everything besides. If you are headed to the stores to add to your collection, the best time to go is the end of the day, as your feet are likely to have expanded after a day's worth of work. This way, you'll be able to account for any form of swelling and find a better fit for your feet. Ankle straps are, of course, always preferable, as they provide your ankles with better support and help distribute your weight evenly. You might get overwhelmed with the sheer volume of options available, so head in with a clear idea of the heel length you can realistically handle, and get ready to party the night away. Ready to update your shoe closet? Pick from our edit of the coolest styles that are on trend right now.
Weddings may be most stressful to the bride herself, but wedding guests deal with their own set of problems, specially when it comes to picking the right outfit to wear to every function. In fact, with multiple weddings every season, the serial wedding hopper is under a lot of pressure to get her ethnic look just right. Here is all you need to know about the biggest wedding wear trends this season, to nail your look for the next big event on your calendar.
The 24th April 2013 started like any other day. I buzzed around the house getting ready to head into Eco-Age's London headquarters, when I made out the word Dhaka' in a radio news report in the background. Anybody who has campaigned for a cleaner, safer fashion industry is alert to hearing the Bangladesh capitalthe country is one of the world's largest exporters of fast fashion, second only to China. Details were still patchya building had collapsed, over 150 people were believed to be dead. Although Rana Plaza was reported as a multi-use complex, when I phoned my friend and fellow campaigner, British journalist Lucy Siegle, we instinctively knew it was a fashion factory. Workers interviewed from banks and shops said they noticed a crack in the building the day before and their companies sent them home. But one group was forced back into the building to continue workingthe garment workers. As the true horror emerged, our worst fears were realised. When the complex folded like a house of cards, killing 1,334 people, it exposed the true cost of our fast fashion habit. How to make sense of that terrible tragedy and the aftermath? I've found it almost impossible to reconcile. Rana Plaza cannot be shelved as an act of god' and, of course. neither was it deliberate. Technically the disaster qualifies as an accident, but to me and the many campaigners who challenge the fast fashion system, it was avoidable. Greed, speed, corporate irresponsibility and a business model built on exploiting the most vulnerablelowly paid garment workerswere the root cause of the Rana Plaza collapse. In Los Angeles, when film director Andrew Morgan saw the front page of The New York Times featuring a photo of two young boysthe same age as his own sonsdesperately searching through the Rana Plaza rubble for their mother's body, he was hit by the true cost of today's apparel industry. Why would two young kids be looking for their mother amid this chaos? No bomb had gone off, no earthquake[Behind its] aspirational, fun, carefree aesthetic there was obviously some terrible hidden danger in the [fashion] industry. Immediately I needed to find out what was going on. Determined to unravel the $3 trillion global fashion industry, Morgan spent the next three years travelling to 30 countries collecting footage from factories, workshops, sometimes even homes, in garment industry hot spots. His 2015 documentary, The True Cost (available on Netflix) exposes the dark side of an industry that we all contribute to. Around the crater that Rana Plaza left behind, as international news crews departed the scene, the relentless cycle of fashion clicked back into gear. Orders that couldn't be completed at Rana Plaza were quietly transferred to one of Dhaka's many other factories. The manufacturing army of predominantly young women reassembled. Survivors of Rana Plaza, who'd been pulled from the rubble, queued up at the gates of a new factory, traumatised but in desperate need of work. On visits to Bangladesh I have been privileged enough to meet garment workers. More often than not, these encounters happen late in the evening as the workers stream out of the garment factories at a time when I'd be thinking about going to bed. This is all the spare time they have. At around 10pm I sit on the floor in a circle, with a dozen or so women who have been working since 7am. I learn about their livestheir migration from villages in the north where their kids are being looked after by relatives. I hear of their frustration that even after the Rana Plaza disaster, their hours remain unremittingly harsh, and their low wages and poor living conditions remain unchanged. And that's before we even get onto the subject of whether or not they feel safe at work. They are quick to laugh despite all the hardship and very frank. I am bored, says a young woman. This is a boring existence. When I see them at work the next day, they avoid eye contact. Those with life-changing injuries, who number over 2,500, began the fight for compensation, but in many cases progress was glacial. Over 700 orphans or at-risk children were created by Rana Plaza. The industry's response was split into two main tracks: The Rana Plaza Arrangementa compensation fund which brands pay intoand The Accord on Fire and Building Safety in Bangladesha five-year, legally-binding agreement between 200 brands and trade unions intended to promote a safer and healthier garment industry in Bangladesh. Some US brands decided to develop their own response known as the Alliance. On the fifth anniversary of Rana Plaza, expect a flood of hefty self-congratulatory announcements coming from these bodies. In fact, it has already begun. We are extremely proud of the progress we have made in just five short years, a spokesman for the Alliance announced last month. With all of the investments we have made in the training and empowerment of the workers themselves, factory remediation remains on schedule, he continued. If these gains are going to be sustained over the long-term, however, they must be owned and led locally, from within Bangladesh. To me, this sounds like they are passing the buck. The Accord meanwhile has been extended to run until 2021, but it's alarming that only 60 brands have signed up for round two, down from 200. Still the message broadcast is that lessons have been learned and that factories in Dhaka are safer. But by how much? And what does less bad really mean? These are questions that have vexed the whole process and it makes me wonderis it even possible to reform the fashion production system? According to Siegle, the current approach simply isn't working. Progress has been painfully slow, she tells me. Research in Bangladesh by Dhaka University academics has flagged up delays and gaps in implementation from the outset. Siegle is also concerned that some brands have had to be taken to court to pay up. In January, $2.3 million was finally extracted from a global fashion brand (name redacted by the terms of the settlement) at The Hague to fund overdue remediation to factories. When Rana Plaza happened it was clear a clock was ticking, but the timescale appears to have been lost and the next generation of garment workers has again been subjected to unsafe, unacceptable and in many cases illegal conditions, she says. It's really hard to [communicate] that to the shopper when the Accord or Alliance says your jeans are made in a factory that could be 84 per cent safer than it was five years ago. We should, she rightly believes, be aiming for something better. In my own pursuit for something better, over the past year I've worked closely with lawyers affiliated with The Circle, Annie Lennox's NGO dedicated to championing women's rights, to compile a report reviewing the minimum and living wages, and the protection of workers' rights in 14 major garment-producing countries. Our objective? To show brands they have a responsibility to treat garment workers fairly. We are now using trade law to try and implement this. In the five years since the Rana Plaza tragedy, the industry has often claimed it's spearheading change to ensure fashion changes forever. In reality, the required overhaul of this unsustainable and corrupt business model has in no way been achieved. While some factories provide safer working environments, they haven't considered the fundamental right to a living wage, and vice versa. To see the real engine of change, we need to take an outside perspective. I ask Andrew Morgan if he thinks any progress has been made five years on from the disaster that compelled him to make The True Cost. In an industry increasingly fixated on profit at all cost, Rana Plaza was an undeniable warning that people ultimately and always pay the price for our careless consumption, he says, This warning, while ignored by most major fashion corporations, has ignited a new wave of activists and entrepreneurs dedicating themselves to the belief that we can and must create a more just, humane and sustainable future. This is the true change ignited by that tragic, fateful day.
Kareena Kapoor Khan's real life is what our #ILoveMyLife dreams are made of. As far removed as her day-to-day may seem from yours, you probably still have one thing in common with her; and no, it's not an unhealthy obsession with baby Taimur. A quick look at Khan's style files reveal her obsession with Alessandro Michele's Gucci, which, let's be honest, is not unlike that of the several Gucci-philes out there. More often than not, the actor turns to the label's cool cred to elevate her off-duty style. From that white Gucci Ghost sweatshirt to several T-shirts by the brand, the star's airport looks prove that she prefers to travel in the Italian house's wares. She tends to style them in her signature laid-back manner, often with comfy jeans and a Birkin. Her yellow limited edition Gucci x Coco Capitn T-shirt even transitioned from her airport wardrobe to become a part of her gym selection now. But it didn't leave her wardrobe, remaining as a versatile go-to instead. The actor also rang in her son's first birthday in Pataudi dressed in a black quilted Gucci jacket, pairing it with denims and boots to beat the December chill. When it comes to arm candies by the brand, Khan doesn't shy away from logo mania. Be it the Gucci Courrier GG Supreme pouch or the label's basic totes, the actor is definitely all about the Gucci life. Scroll through for our slideshow for Kareena Kapoor Khan's best looks in the label.
Deepika Padukone and Ranbir Kapoor are one of Bollywood's most adored on-screen pairs. The duo was seen together in the public after several years, when they walked the runway for designer Manish Malhotra's Mijwan showcase yesterday. The evening saw Deepika Padukone walking out in a stunning crystal-embellished lehenga, while Ranbir Kapoor looked dapper in a black sherwani embroidered with chikankari. Malhotra has been associated with the Mijwan Welfare Society for nearly a decade now. Over the years, some of Bollywood's biggest namesincluding Amitabh Bachchan, Shah Rukh Khan, Sonam Kapoor, Anushka Sharma and Sonakshi Sinhahave walked the runway for the designer's showcases for the cause. Started by the late Kaifi Azmi and run by Shabana Azmi and Namrata Goyal, the NGO aims to empower women by providing them with education, life skills and opportunities for employment. This time around, the designer brought one of Bollywood's favourite silver screen pairs together for the occasion. Ranbir Kapoor, who is a goodwill ambassador for the NGO, spoke about how his mother taught him that a man is only as good as the respect he gives women. Vogue met the star before the show and he spoke about his fondness for the NGO and designer. This is the third time I am walking for the Mijwan welfare society. The kind of love and care and effort Manish puts into his work is truly inspiring, so I am always happy to be a part of any show of his. About walking the runway with Deepika Padukone he commented saying, Deepika is amazingly talented and so beautiful. I have done films and reality show with her, I have never walked the ramp with her and she is professional at it so I am excited to work with her for Mijwan. Meanwhile, Deepika Padukone spoke about how Shabana Azmi inspired her to be a philanthropist. I started my career as a model, so I have for walked for many, many shows but walking for Mijwan today was very special. All of what they are doing has empowered so many women and children and brought joy into their lives, making this experience truly special for me, said the star. Manish Malhotra's Mijwan collection was full of wedding season must haves which made the collection perfect for brides-to-be and their families. The colour palette ranged from reds, blues and pale greys, to powder pinks and whites. The designer highlighted the chikankari handwork done by the artisans of Mijwan alongside beadwork, crystal embellishments, pearls and feathers. The show took place at the JW Marriott in Mumbai yesterday. The front row was lit with celebrity guestsAsha Parekh, Waheeda Rehman, Dimple Kapadia, Neetu Kapoor, Nandita Das, Rahul Bose, Sonakshi Sinha, Divya Khosla Kumar, Nushrat Bharucha, Yami Gautam, Sonali Bendre, Huma Qureshi and Pulkit Samrat were amongst those seen at the event. Missed the show? Watch it here.
Image: Viral Bhayani For Shilpa Shetty Kundra, the last few days have been full of public appearances. After attending the OSM Awards and the Dadasaheb Phalke Awards this weekend, the star stepped out once again last night in a playful, yet feminine look. Anushka Sharma had a busy day tooshe was announced as the brand ambassador of Standard Chartered Bank last afternoon. And while Alia Bhatt, Kareena Kapoor Khan and Mira Rajput Kapoor opted for dresses yesterday, Shweta Bachchan Nanda, Janhvi Kapoor and Sonam Kapoor preferred comfortable jeans. Check out all their looks below. Anushka Sharma picks a summery maxi Comfortable outfits have always been important to Anushka Sharma, whether she's at an event or on the go. Yesterday, the star celebrated a big moment with Standard Chartered Bank, and picked an ensemble that was both appropriate for the occasion, and ideal for the rising temperatures of Mumbai. Announced as the new brand ambassador of the bank, Sharma made her public appearance yesterday in a deep green checkered Rosie Assoulin maxi featuring an asymmetrical hem and feminine ruffles along the neckline. The actor cinched in the flowy silhouette with a matching belt (you'll have to look hard to spot it), and added a pop of colour to her outfit via orange slip-on sandals. Sharma opted for skinny ear-grazing hoops and neutral makeup for her afternoon out. Shilpa Shetty Kundra looks ready for a summery sangeet Shilpa Shetty Kundra loves her statement saris. This year alone, we've spotted the star in a charcoal grey feather-detailed 431-88 drape, that shimmering gold Tarun Tahiliani sari gown, and a polka-dotted sari and trouser hybrid by Anamika Khanna, to name a few. Last night, the actor joined Diana Penty and Rajkummar Rao at the Asia Spa Awards in yet another version of the Indian staple. Keeping the season in mind, Shetty Kundra picked a floral ivory Arpita Mehta sari for the occasion, which had feminine ruffles along its hemline. The actor draped the summery fabric over an embellished tie-up sari blouse in shades of white, pink, green and orange, and completed her wedding-ready look with pearl-studded jhumkas. There was no missing Shetty Kundra's bold beauty look to go with the outfit. Would you brave a plum eyeshadow like her? In stark contrast to Shilpa Shetty Kundra's festive vibe, Kareena Kapoor Khan kept her OOTD simple for her outing last afternoon. The actor, who has been busy travelling, returned to Mumbai yesterday in an easy-breezy dress that's perfect for hectic days. Just a day after being spotted at Mumbai airport in that studded denim jacket, Kapoor Khan switched up her look yesterday with fuss-free navy blue dress. Despite being full-sleeved, Kapoor Khan's look works for the season because of its sheer fabric, and wouldn't look out of place at your next Sunday brunch. To bring her travel look together, Kareena Kapoor Khan matched her red sneakers to the scarlet print on the edges of her dress, and chose an oversized Bottega Veneta tote to wrap it all up. Missed what Sonam Kapoor, Shweta Bachchan Nanda and Zendaya wore recently? Check out their latest outfits in our slideshow below.
Image: Viral Bhayani With all the travelling that Deepika Padukone, Kareena Kapoor Khan and Priyanka Chopra have pencilled in their diaries (for outdoor shoots, events or promotions), it's important for the stars to have fail-safe travel wardrobes. This weekend, both Padukone and Kapoor Khan flew out in comfortable ensembles that were still on point. Within the city, Sonam Kapoor partied with designer duo Abu Jani and Sandeep Khosla in an intricately embroidered black sharara set, Aishwarya Rai Bachchan opted for a multi-hued Rohit Bal, and both Shweta Bachchan Nanda and Sara Ali Khan made a strong case for ivory saris. Check out Bollywood's hottest ensembles from the weekend below. Kareena Kapoor Khan layers up with a statement jacket A self-confessed T-shirt and jeans girl, Kareena Kapoor Khan favours comfort over everything else when it comes to her clothes. This weekend, the star flew out of Mumbai for Dubai in yet another cool casual look. For her latest travels, Kapoor Khan paired her basic white T-shirt with cosy black track pants, matching slip-on shoes, and a practical oversized Bottega Veneta tote. The denim jacket she threw over her seemingly simple look set it apart from the rest. Studded with silver stars, Kapoor Khan's Zara jacket was anything but basic. And if you're the kind of traveler who gets chilly on flights, this piece is the ideal pick for you. Deepika Padukone plays with fun colours on her flight Another star who opted for denim this weekend was Deepika Padukone. While Kareena Kapoor Khan picked a denim jacket for her outing, Padukone flew to New York on Saturday night wearing flared jeans that were well suited to her 5'8 frame. Usually spotted boarding flights in statement-making jackets, Padukone paired her trousers with a bold green T-shirt and topped them off with a beige jacket, that was covered in interesting scribbles. The actor completed her look for the night with round sunnies, an olive green handbag and brown shoes. A simple blowout completed her look. Priyanka Chopra picks creamy shades If you've been looking for the ultimate desk-to-drinks outfit, Priyanka Chopra's latest look is one you've got to check out. This weekend, the actor stepped out wearing a flowy white office-ready shirt with a beige cape-style blazer and matching trousers. Keeping with the minimal vibe of her outfit, Chopra opted for boots in the same hue, with a nude Fendi Peekaboo bag. Skipping on the accessories, Chopra wore the monochrome ensemble with nothing but a gold watch, and kept her beauty look simple as well. The actor picked a matte pink lip colour and a hint of blush for her evening out. Missed what Aditi Rao Hydari, Kriti Sanon and Shilpa Shetty Kundra wore this weekend? Catch up now.
Designers come from all schools of thought. Some choose to exhibit their new work on the runways, some don't, and some others prefer to showcase only select work. Well into the hottest months of the year, you may have noticed a dearth of cosy, summer-friendly looks in your wardrobe. Update your shelves with the same enthusiasm you have for planning that vacation or keeping yourself hydrated yourself this summer. We've rounded up all the designer collections that weren't seen on the runways, but still deserve a place in you walk-in, for you to pick from. Payal Khandwala Artist-turned designer Payal Khandwala likes to turn to the drawing board for inspiration. For spring/summer 2018, the starting point for the designer was colours. Colour used in the right proportions can be just as sophisticated as black, beige and indigo, and I have always disliked the assumption that vivid colour is somehow vulgar, less refined. Culturally our penchant for colour is what separates us from the rest of the world, in an increasingly homogenous fashion landscape, the designer explains. Handwoven, colour-blocked textiles from Bhagalpur, Bengaluru, West Bengal and Benaras are the mainstay of the collection. Khandwala also exhibits her accessories line Tachi' with this collection, which is inspired by jacaranda, roses, saffron, marigold and gulmoharall of which are used to create pigment for the colours of Holi. Shift Nimish Shah of Shift decided to give womenswear a break and go with an all-men's collection instead. His line Fresh & Foolish' has plenty for girls to borrow from. Shah paints an ideal picture of a carefree summerjumping into cool pools, sipping on Campari spritz and lounging in holiday homes in crushed linen shirts. From ruffled, striped shirts to citric orange Bermuda shortsShift's ideal wardrobe is perfect for those long lazy summer days. Yav Yadvi Agarwal's label Yav is based on the designer's love for textile innovation. For spring/summer 2018, Agarwal imagines a woman collector on her travels. Incorporating elements of Impressionist art in modern silhouettes, Yav plays with colour on khadi, silk and linen. Choose a layered full look or pick pieces from the collection to add to your own for an interesting outcome. Ek Kurtas with sheer bottoms, floral dresses layered with lace slips, micro florals printed on gossamer dressesRina Singh of Ek paints a romantic picture with her collection Kinship' this season. Known to work with sustainable methods of production and natural materials, Ek separates are perfect if you are transitioning your wardrobe from fast fashion to a sustainable one. Anavila Anavila Misra is slowly edging out of her comfort zone of making entire collections of handwoven linen saris. This season, her offering In Between' is all about encouraging slow living and mindfulness. Misra uses batik, block prints and cross stitch on her collection of kurta sets, saris and blouses. Sticking to a palette of soft pastels, the designer aims to create delicate, blurry outlines with the subtle detailing. Buna Pallavi Shantam of Buna is a champion of khadi. The brand makes use of natural raw materials and organic processes to create breathable khadi fabrics that can be shaped into contemporary clothing. This season, Shantam tries to recreate the freedom of the skies with easy flowing silhouettes in white, with minimal detailing. Looking for something to wear to a luncheon with close friends? Buna has the right edit for you. Pro Aneeth Arora of Pro likes to obsess over detail. For spring/summer 2018, Arora shines the light on ladybugs. The collection titled Ladybug Spotting' highlights embroideries and surface development techniques that are created by hand by the artisans of Pro. Colourful florals and ladybugs are placed against a white backdrop. From the handmade laces to the realistic bugs, Pro separates are the kinds that warrant a conversation with the wearer. Kanelle Kanika Jain of Kanelle was drawn to the abstract art of Piet Mondrian and Jackson Pollock for spring/summer 2018. Checks and stripes dominated the collection in roomy silhouettes. Jain also added abstract embroideries to the mix, mimicking her love for scribbling. Despite being scribbled' on, Kanelle separates can be taken from a work meeting to drinks after hours easily.
Watches are the ultimate luxury accessory, and will add a finishing touch to almost any look. This month, the watches we have our eyes on come in all sizesfrom extra-large dials for a sporty, tough vibe to sleek ones that sit demurely on a feminine wrist. No matter what your styleor wrist sizethere's a watch for everyone in our list. Choose the Calvin Klein Authentic' watch for a polished formal look, or opt for Gucci's G-Frame' watch for an edgy, rock-chic vibe. Those with a minimal aesthetic and dainty wrists can go for the Tissot Femini-T' watch. If your style mantra veers more towards the go-big-or-go-home ideology, choose from Victorinox's I.N.O.X Carbon' watch or Bulgari's Octo Finissimo Tourbillon Skeleton' watch to go with your athleisure wardrobe. Scroll through our edit of the best XL and XS watches to add to your collection now.
Nothing screams summer like a yellow outfit, whether worn as a solid, monochromatic look, or as a bright accent on an otherwise sober look. A truly happy hue, it has the power to elevate both your look and your mood almost instantaneously. No wonder the colour is being favoured by Bollywood's crme de la crme. We've spotted many of our favourite fashionistas working various shades of yellow in their outfits of late, whether they're wearing contemporary styles, or dressing up in Indian ethnic wear. Kareena Kapoor Khan went all out in a bright yellow and hot pink sari by Masaba recently, while Esha Gupta looked demure in a canary yellow sari with embellished borders, and Malaika Arora channeled happy vibes in a yellow sharara with gold accents. Making a case for statement yellow skirts were Kriti Sanon and Shilpa Shetty Kundra, who paired their bright pieces with a minimal top for maximum impact. The brightest look yet came from Priyanka Chopra, who chose a neon yellow dress with a summer-ready pair of sunglasses. If bright pieces are not your vibe, take a cue from Deepika Padukone and Sonali Bendre, who wore ochre tops with jeans and a blue tartan skirt, respectively. Whether you're packing for a summer getaway or for a destination wedding, there's always a shade of yellow to brighten up your outfits for the summer. Scroll through our slideshow for inspiration on how to work the hue.
After announcing the birth of their third child, a boy, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge took few a minutes to show their newborn off to the world. Stepping out on the street in front of the Lindo Wing at St Mary's Hospital in Paddington, London, the parents debuted their son to the world and media. As she has with her previous two children, Prince George and Princess Charlotte, the Duches opted for a Jenny Packham dress. Choosing a brightly-hued red dress with a white lace Peter Pan collar from the British designer, the Duchess looked vibrant and healthy. The Duchess of Cambridge paired the dress with Gianvito Rossi nude pumpsone of the mother of three's and Meghan Markle's favourite designers. It's believed the Duchess' dress was a nod to Prince William's late mother, Princess Diana, who wore a red dress with a small white collar when introducing her first son to the world in the exact same spot. The dress' colour significance was heightened given April 23 is St. George's Day, a holiday honouring the British patron saint. It is customary to wear crimson at St. George's Daya fact which no doubt influenced Kate's choice. Topping the outfit off with a pared-back beauty look, the Duchess opted for her signature waves and minimal make-uplooking as polished and put together as always, which considering she had given birth mere hours before, was a serious feat. Scroll on to see Kate's dress from every angle. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have yet to confirm the name of their new son but as with their previous children, Prince George and Princess Charlotte, it's believed they will wait two days until they announce the name to the world.
I wanted to give our maisons exceptional support and expertise in what is their main challenge in the years to comethe ability to meet their customers' needs and fulfil their desires, said Franois-Henri Pinault on Claus-Dietrich Lahrs's appointment as CEO of Bottega Veneta in 2016. CEO of Bottega Veneta Claus-Dietrich Lahrs speaking at the CNI Luxury Conference. Image: Indigital.tv The appointment of such an industry leader was a tactical move by a forward-thinking Pinault, CEO and chairman of Kering, which owns Bottega Veneta. Lahrs hailed from Hugo Boss, and prior to that held senior positions at some of the most prestigious luxury brands in the world, including Cartier, Louis Vuitton and Christian Dior Couture. At the Cond Nast International Luxury conference, he told Suzy Menkes how he is fulfilling Pinault's task of capturing consumers for the long term. Bottega Veneta has always put its clients first, and this has granted the company over the years a very loyal customer base, Lahrs said, But they are moving, we have to find a language that speaks to them. He implemented a complete digital overhaul to tailor Bottega Veneta's storytelling to how the customers consume: Everything must work for online first. Bottega Veneta CEO Claus-Dietrich Lahrs in conversation with Suzy Menkes at the CNI Luxury Conference. Image: Indigital.tv Bottega Veneta's Four Cornerstones' philosophy rests on four Pillars' (Sustainability, Dialogue, Invididualism, Experience) and three Ideals' (Mystery, Surrealism, Sophistication) which play a crucial part in the brand legacy under creative director Tomas Maier and brand development, but, Lahrs said, understanding the brand needs education, it's not a show-off brand. Asia is a priority for expansion, but the new maison on Madison Avenue is also a cornerstone in Bottega Veneta's retail growth and its commitment to the US. The three-story historical townhouse comprises The Apartment,' a homely space where Maier has selected the books on the shelves and the fine art on rotation. Customers generally spend at least an hour in the store, illustrating the importance of this bricks-and-mortar presence and putting the brand into context. On how the brand will keep a finger on the pulse of innovation but stay true to its high standards of quality and sustainability, Lahrs said: We have to look at what it possible. For him, it's like fuel verses electricitythere are many points to consider. It's important not to be surprised, he said, which is why he is looking into leather alternatives. Hearing the CEO of one of the world's largest leather heritage brands pledge an openness to a leather-free future is big news indeed. The fourth annual Cond Nast International Luxury Conference is in Lisbon, on the 18th and 19th April. For more information, visit the website.
Image: Viral Bhayani, Instagram.com After stepping out in three envy-worthy ensembles in Dubai, Sonam Kapoor was spotted yet again in two must-see looks yesterday, while Shweta Bachchan Nanda returned from her travels with brother Abhishek Bachchan in the cosiest travel wardrobe ever. But if you thought that's all that happened in Bollywood over the past 24 hours, think again. Karisma Kapoor and Kareena Kapoor Khan spent last night bringing in mom Babita Kapoor's birthday, and Sonakshi Sinha, Dimple Kapadia and Sonali Bendre dropped by Manish Malhotra's Mijwan 2018 show in elegant Indian ethnic ensembles. Catch up on all the action now. Shweta Bachchan Nanda goes with her favourite off-duty look Shweta Bachchan Nanda may love her red carpet-ready gowns, but when it comes to her days off, nothing pleases Vogue India's newest contributing editor as much as a cosy pair of tracks. Last afternoon, Bachchan Nanda touched down in Mumbai with Abhishek Bachchan wearing a pair of black Adidas track pants with a white T-shirt and a fun khaki jacket covered in stickers. In case you forgot, this isn't the first time Bachchan Nanda has aced military-style jackets. Remember how she styled the very same travel staple back in 2015? To bring her latest look together, Shweta Bachchan Nanda opted for oversized brown sunnies and a mustard yellow tote. As for Abhishek Bachchan, yesterday's pick was a red hoodie with floral details, jeans and white sneakers that were just like his sister's. Sonam Kapoor picks a quirky print in Mumbai Over the past few days, Sonam Kapoor's fans have seen the star attend events in Dubai wearing a Barbie pink three-piece, an emerald green corset-detailed gown, and a black maxi that was anything but basic. Yesterday, the actor returned home in a flowy Saaksha & Kinni ensemble, and immediately changed into a quirky new look for her latest outing. Covered in a print of green Nintendo 64 controllers, Kapoor's latest outfit is for every '90s kid who was addicted to video games. Her purple Rheson jumpsuit also featured a draped bottom similar to harem pants, and was cinched together with a skinny black belt. To complete her effortless summer-ready look, Sonam Kapoor picked gold Misho earrings, a simple black sling bag and practical black flats. Karisma Kapoor continues to favour neutral hues It's no secret that white is among Karisma Kapoor's favourite colours when it comes to clothing. My love for white came from my grandparents, she's told us in the past. This translated into my Indian wear too, like chikan or mulmul kurtas. Over the past few months, the star has worn shades of ivory in the most interesting waysthere was that Anamika Khanna sari embroidered with multi-coloured threads in March, a slouchy white shirt worn with a maroon maxi skirt just days later, and last night, the actor picked yet another white ensemble for Babita Kapoor's birthday dinner. This time around, Karisma Kapoor picked an Anand Bhushan midi featuring geometric details in black, and stuck with the classic colour palette with an ebony Chanel bag and white LK Bennett pumps. A bold tangerine-red lip was all the star needed to complete her look. Missed what Dia Mirza, Janhvi Kapoor and Mira Rajput Kapoor wore yesterday? Catch up now.
With the less is more' revival in full swing, its safe to say that the star of the summer dressing this time around is the see-through trend. But let's be honest, most of us have been a little afraid of trying these peekaboo numbers. From crochet tops to net dresses, there are many iterations of the trend you can try through the month, if you dare. The risqu outfits certainly call for some fashion adventures, and even if you aren't one to brave a completely sheer number, don't worry; there's something to please everyone's sartorial needs here. Pick from H&M's number with floral detailing or channel a bohemian vibe with Ten Sixty Sherman's see through top. If you plan to dance all night, pair Miss Selfridges' embroidered black number with high waisted skirt, metallic heels and a pair of hoop earrings. Or for a more daring look, throw on the black lace top over a colourful bralette. If you're running out of ideas for brunch, pair your trusted ripped jeans with Zara's oversized number. Those willing to go all out can count on Ivy Park's logo mesh teejust style it with a pair of denim shorts for a movie date with your bestie. Go through our edit of the most pocket-friendly sheer pieces here. Buy now: Top, Miss Selfridge, Rs 2,788 Top, Zara, Rs 2,490 Buy now: Top, Topshop, Rs 2,410 Buy now: Top, New Look, Rs 2,230 Buy now: Top, Monki, Rs 2,370 Buy now: Top, Ivy Park, Rs 4,070 Buy now: Top, H&M, Rs 1,999 Buy now: Top, Free Prople, Rs 2,668 Buy now: Top, Bershka, Rs 1,390 Buy now: Top, Placket, Rs 1,999
The warm weather is fast reaching its most unbearable, though some might say we're already there. The sweltering temperatures have us all prepped to ditch the sleeves and long hemlines, and wear as little as we possibly canno one likes to feel damp, sweaty cloth cling to sticky skin. Fortunately, this summer woe has a solutioncotton shorts. Easy-breezy and practical, these summer-friendly numbers are great for keeping cool, while making a great style statement. Whether you are a fan of micro mini shorts or prefer extended chinos, this wardrobe staple has something for every need. Pick Mango's belted shorts for a sophisticated, city-friendly vibe or go quirky with Le Sirenuse Positano's printed ones. Planning a lazy day in with your best friend? Ditch your silk pyjamas in favour of Topshop's fun cotton number. And if you're willing to go the extra mile, style 1901's pleated high-waisted shorts with an off-shoulder blouse for a night about town. For the days that you feel like going low key, throw on a classic white tee on Alberto Biani's blue and white striped cotton shorts. Headed for a holiday? Don't forget to pack a pair of Dodo Bar Or's tasseled white shorts in your luggage. Or if you prefer something a little more exotic, a pair of Diane Von Furstenberg's printed tropical cotton shorts might seal the deal for you. Those looking for a little more coverage can invest in a pair of H&M's cotton chinos. Scroll through our slideshow for our edit of the best cotton shorts you can buy online now to keep you cool all through the season.
Simone Rocha grew up skipping school to attend the shows of her father, John Rocha, who taught her to sew by setting her tasks like crocheting socks for his spring/summer 1994 collection. Fast forward to 2010 and Simone Rocha the brand was born. Her feminine-tomboy aesthetic and voluminous silhouettes that play with proportion are all rooted in the creative energy she grew up around (her mother handled the business side of John Rocha) and have won her a handful of industry accolades along the way, including 2014 New Establishment Award and 2016 Womenswear Designer of the Year at the British Fashion Awards. At the Cond Nast International Luxury conference, the Irish-born jewel of London Fashion Week tells Suzy Menkes about combining the personal with the poetic to create stories and clothes that resonate with women. Menkes asked how Rocha's exceptional heritage, which includes a Chinese grandfather and Portuguese roots via Macau, is reflected in her creative designs, how she has built her business and how she sees her brand. Whether looking at my heritage and the landscape in Ireland to influence textiles and fabrication, or being in a space like [Asia] and feeling alien with my senses enhanced, for me it has to be personal to feel sincere, new and authentic. Rocha's work is poetic, and her clothes about storytelling, with each show dedicated to a personage she has created. This has only increased since she became a mother. It's very tiring, she laughed. [My baby] has influenced me in a literal way, but she has also made me refocus and use my time. Trips to the hospital translated into dresses influenced by nurses' uniforms and swaddling fabrics in her latest collections. Indeed, her clothes are underlined by functionality. [Simone Rocha] is about femininity, but it has strength, she said. The fantasy is grounded in practicality, because, for her, that is what makes things modern. She's open-minded about productionhence her latest connection to Portugal, where she describes the artisans as being very open and understanding to new challengesand has a relationship with every single store that sells her brand. I think about stockists all the time, you have to be specific about the buybig or smallbecause they have to understand the brand. That's what gives it power and a solidarity. The fourth annual Cond Nast International Luxury Conference is in Lisbon, on the 18th and 19th April. For more information, visit the website.
With mercury levels rising, it's time for a spring cleaning, a purge. One that will make way for higher hemlines, diaphanous fabrics, puff shades and billowing silhouettes. For the summer weddings you're attending and the several open air evenings pencilled into your diaries, Vogue rounded up sage advice from the best designers in the country on how to dress for summer. From midi skirts and cotton voile for extreme temperatures to mixing influences and cream and gold for the summer bridethe designers share their new season lust-list. Easy breezy silhouettes are your best bet. Think something lightweight and comfortable. '50s inspired midi skirts in gorgeous pastel hues are a must-have this summer. You can pair them with a crisp white shirt for work, or an edgy crop top for an evening out with your friends. Breezy maxi dresses and palazzo pants are also great for the balmy weather. Don't forget to pick garments in lightweight fabrics such as chanderi, mul and cotton that will keep you cool as the temperatures rise.
Italian luxury label Fendi since it's inception has been keeping the business within the family. Silvia Venturini Fendi, creative director for accessories and men's lines is the grand daughter of Adele and Edoardo Fendi, the original founders of the house. Proud of their mother's achievements, her daughters Leonetta Luciano Fendi and Delfina Delettrez Fendi speak about the many inspiring facets of her personality. Delfina Delettrez is an ace jewellery designer in her own right while Leonetta Fendi is a recent graduate of SOAS, the University of London's School of Oriental and African Studies. Rooted in heritage but with an aim to make the brand current to the millennial audience, Fendi has elevated its design language to appeal to audiences of all ages. One of their most iconic designs is the Peekaboo' bag (which turns 10 this year) comes in varying iterationsbejwelled, with detailing on the sides, different sizes, the gamut has something for people of different tastes. The Peekaboo bag is simple, complex and timeless. It's one of those objects that you want to belong to your family, that will really stay with you for all your life, Silvia Venturini Fendi explains. An investment piece in today's world, handbags are perfect to be passed down as heirlooms. In the #MeAndMyPeekaboo campaign, the three women try to highlight what it means to share genes, and bags, through generations.
The street that I took to school, as a young teenager in Paris, had a cinema that distributed Indian and Egyptian films. Everyday, as I walked past, I would see the colourful posters and the imagery from the films. One stays etched in my mindMr. India (1987). Sridevi and Hema Malini were two Indian movie stars I grew up watching in Paris. It was their films that made me started loving Bollywood. Sridevi's biggest draw were her eyesthey immediately drew you in. She had a dual appealshe was a graceful dancer and a great actress, but like actresses in the tradition of silent films, her eyes were the most expressive. You didn't need to understand the language to know what she was feeling. That's why I called her la biche (the doe), for her beautiful Bambi-like gaze. Image: Ali Mahdavi When I first came to India, at 19 years, I really wanted to visit a film studio. I convinced a friend, a journalist, to get us access to a studio in Chennai. I remember asking to meet with Sridevi, possibly the biggest star at the time, a request that, you can imagine, was met with a lot of amusement! It's funny, but I didn't really want to talk to her; I just wanted to be able to look at her. I would have been petrified if she had spoken to me! When you grow up watching someone and have an association with them, it's difficult to describe how you would feel when you are in front of them. There are two people in the world that I've followed in my life. Sridevi was one of them, the King of Morocco was the other. I've really watched them transform over the years. So it was ironic that the first time I met Sridevi was in Morocco, at the Marrakech International Film Festival. T Magazine had asked me to art direct and work on a Bollywood special, since they knew my love and fascination for Indian films. Most of the leading names were thereAmitabh Bachchan, Shah Rukh Khan, Hrithik Roshan, all of whom I had met before. Sridevi was the only one I hadn't. Before I even saw her, I heard her. You could hear her anklets tinkling as she walked down the corridor, the rustle of her silk and taffeta outfit, and the whispering of the entourage around her. She was the ultimate diva but throughout our shoot she was a consummate professional. What most don't know is that Sridevi was incredibly shy. And that's something we had in common. When you're a shy person, you build a defensive wall around you. People often think you are cold or removed, but that's really not the case with either Sridevi or myself. It's something we discussed often. In many ways, she reminded me of the actor Marlene Dietrich, who had an iciness around her, but when it came to those who knew her she was an incredible cook, grounded and generous to her family. Sridevi was very much like that. She was a keen fashion follower, and every time we met after that she would ask for specific styles; she knew my collection very well and would remember the most intricate details. I would always accommodate her requests, and make her styles with a higher heel! She had a strong visual memory of things, which made sense because she was also a painter. In one of our last meetings, she reminded me of the shoes I was to make for her husband Boney, and she had promised me two paintings of hers that she said I would love. It makes me quite sad that never came to be. The last time I saw her was at a screening of Karan Johar's film Ae Dil Hai Mushkil (2016) at the Ambani residence, Antilia, in Mumbai. Following the screening, there was an intimate dinner for about 40 people. Throughout the dinner, Sridevi and I chatted, and she was very kind to explain the food to me, telling me what to eat, and was a great dinner companion. Boney was there, too, and while he went around the room talking to others, he always kept coming back to check on her. She was actually quite maternal with me. She had a sweetness that reminded me of my mother. And I could see the love she had for her daughters. You know, often when you meet mothers who are celebrated beauties and their daughters, you see a kind of conflict. I didn't see any of that. She was so proud of her daughters and how they were growing into charming, beautiful young women. She was very close to both her girls and was always talking about them. For me, Sridevi is representative of the ultimate in Indian beauty. She never tried to Westernise herself, and that's what made her so memorable. Those doe-shaped eyes, those strong brows, that elegancethat's what the world looks to India for when it comes to beauty. That was her power and that will always be her legacy. As told to Priyanka Khanna
In case you missed it (and there's no chance you could have), Sonam Kapoor just hyphenated her last name to Kapoor-Ahuja. The star tied the knot with entrepreneur Anand Ahuja this afternoon and now, the duo is all set to celebrate their big day with a star-studded reception at the Leela in Mumbai. Kapoor-Ahuja naturally played favourites and went with a grey and white lehenga by Anamika Khanna. Not one for convention, the star forsake sequins, beadwork and pastels and in turn favoured a pared-down graphic lehenga. In place of a dupatta was a cape jacket. Upon closer inspection, you could tell that the chevron pattern of the lehenga bottom was in fact embroidered with metallic threadwork. The star wore layers of polki necklaces stood out against the minimal aesthetic of the lehenga. The newly-weds posed for the cameras as they entered the venue of the party. A doting Ahuja wore a navy bandhgala to the ceremony and it paired with Nike sneakers. This is barely surprising, coming from the passionate sneakerhead who co-founded the multi-brand sneaker store, VegNonVeg. Given the nature of the event, slated to be a reception-slash-sangeet, dancing is definitely in order, and Ahuja seems to have made the right choice of footwear after all. Anamika Khanna is high on Kapoor-Ahuja's list of go-to designers. From the Cannes red carpet to accepting her National Award, Kapoor has worn Anamika Khanna on some of the most memorable occasions of her life. It comes as no surprise that she chose a look from the designer for the conclusive event of her wedding celebrations. The night will see some of Bollywood's biggest names dressed in their finery to congratulate the newly-weds. Keep an eye on this space for all the updates.
Priyanka Chopra attended the Met Gala in a maroon and gold dress by Ralph Lauren, but you already knew that. Upon ascending the famed steps of the Metropolitan Museum of Art, the star was interviewed about her look which drew inspiration from Madonna with a touch of baroque. Chopra's look was well within the theme for the GalaHeavenly Bodies: Fashion and the Catholic Imagination. The dress was laboured upon for over 250 hours with crystals and beadwork. .@priyankachopra explains the reason behind this super hot outfit she wore for #MetGala 2018! pic.twitter.com/7MfcYd1WeB But what you didn't know was that dress was embroidered in India which was a detail that Chopra cherished. She described as her two worlds colliding'. This is the second ever Met Gala Chopra attended and yet again made a statement with her sartorial choices. Check out what she said about her dress in the video above, and her Met Gala diaries through our gallery below.
After announcing new stores in Sweden and Netherlands, Japanese label Uniqlo is all set to throw open the doors to its first ever store in the country. The new outlet will make the capital its home by fall 2019. Paving the way for upcoming future ventures, this store is the latest addition to Uniqlos ever-expanding family, which currently boasts of 2,000 stores across the globe. With simplicity as its key principal, the label creates designs that are modern yet thoughtful. The new store will stock their Lifewear range, which brings innovation and timeless elegance into clothing for the best fit at affordable prices.
Not even death could get in the way of Azzedine Alaa. Though his heart failed him last November, aged 82, the master couturier known as the king of cling left great designs in place. Not least the vision for Azzedine Alaa: The Couturier, the exhibition that opens today at London's Design Museum. We felt like [the first fashion exhibition in the new Design Museum home in Kensington] needed to be something special, says Alice Black, the museum's co-director, and Azzedine certainly stands apart from the rest of the fashion world. And stand apart the Paris-based couturier did. This is the man who famously shunned the traditional fashion calendar, showing his collections only when he felt they were ready, never before. His obsession with perfection and his dedication to his craft is notorious. He did everything himselffrom drawing and cutting his own patterns, to choosing fabrics, draping and sewing them together. He was just incredible, says long-term collaborator and guest curator Mark Wilson. Monsieur Alaa's style went beyond his sculptural dresses, though. He designed for women's bodiesoften directly on their bodiesrather than an abstract idea of them. He always had a mannequin beside him, recalls renowned industrial designer and long-time friend Marc Newson. (The pair were so close Alaa designed the dress for Newson's marriage to fashion stylist Charlotte Stockdale.) He was the consummate craftsman, always sewing. He was innovative, too. He worked closely with the knitwear factory of Silvia Bocchese in Florence for years, developing new knitwear techniques. At one point he even used glass powder to give his fabrics a specific kind of iridescence. He experimented with Vionnet's bias-cut approach well ahead of its mid-1990s revival and made an art of laser-cutting and pleating. Through it all, his designs stayed true to his timeless aesthetic; their apparent simplicity masterfully concealing the technically complex and rigorous construction that they truly require. Yes, Alaa's designs were undeniably sexy, but they were also empowering, emphasisingand liberatingthe characters of the bold women he dressedfrom Greta Garbo, Marie-Hlne de Rothschild and Grace Jones to Madonna, Michelle Obama and Naomi Campbell. (He was also famously a father figure for Campbell, who refereed to him as Papa and lived in his Paris apartment from the age of 16.) Revered and respected by the fashion elite with unflinching dedication for five decades, he transcended trends and never cared about the new mood. Instead he made a habit of flying in the face of conventionoften late into the night, the National Geographic channel blazing on a screen next to him. His kitchen tablethe heart of his home and businessachieved mythic status, welcoming the illuminati of style as Tim Blanks describes in his final interview with Alaa in British Vogue, the inner-est of inner circles. Black tells Vogue of the thrill of meeting the Tunisian-born designer and sitting at that very kitchen table with girlish glee: It was a dream. Seven months before his untimely death, she met Alaa to pitch the idea of the exhibition. I was warned early on not to try to sell' him anything, she recalls, either he wants to do it and he'll do it, or there is nothing you could ever say to convince him otherwise. Luckily for her, and us, when she knocked on Alaa's atelier door in April 2017, it was already open. Alaa had visited the new John Pawson and OMA-designed Design Museum shortly after it opened in November 2016 and immediately liked it. Wilson, chief curator of the Groninger Museum in the Netherlands, was drafted in to curate the exhibition. He staged two Alaa shows at his own museum in 1997 and 2011, plus a further three, including the runaway success that was the 2015 exhibit in Rome's Galleria Borghese. This would have been their sixth exhibition together. Over time we understood each other, says Wilson of their ability to communicate despite not speaking the same language (Alaa did not speak English and Wilson speaks only a little French). We had each other's back when we were doing these shows together. I don't understand why, but we just did. The timing of the exhibit is all the more poignant because, were it not for his passing, it would have been perfectly scheduled to coincide with the opening of his first flagship outside Paris, on London's New Bond Street. When we first met I didn't know of his plans to open a store, recalls Black. [In a way,] I feel like I was just a pawn, she says laughing, and I just happened to play the role I was supposed to play. Not that it is a role she remotely resents. He was a very instinctual person, says Wilson. It just felt right. It's not like he plotted this, but it just sort of happened. Alaa's friends and collaborators, including Italian editor, gallerist and businesswoman Carla Sozzani, see the show as an opportunity to carry on Alaa's legacy. In no way, though, is it a retrospective. You would need triple the space to do a proper retrospective, says Wilson pragmatically, but more importantly, that is not the exhibition Alaa had envisioned. It was never a question [of whether we would change or cancel the exhibition], Sozzani tells Vogue. Azzedine had made very clear his wish that his legacy would continue after him. He conceived this exhibition as an homage to two of his passions: fashion and design. It was his last project, and it is an honour to be able to show it. With over 60 couture pieces, spanning four decades, the uncompromising detail and quality of the maison and its founder is exquisitely laid bare. It is an installation, a contemporary temple, says Wilson, who proposed the idea of screens, rather than walls. Alaa immediately called on the designers and artists he most admired (and whom he was friend and patron to), including Newson, the Bouroullec brothers, Konstantin Grcic and Kris Ruhs. Newson's eight flesh-pink panels crafted from anodised aluminium stand four meters tall by 10 metres long. Dappled with edamame-sized holes and sinuous strokes, they have a distinct sensual, textile-like feel. The challenge was to create an object that is transparent, Newson explains. To create some sort of a minimal barrier between one garment and another, so you can roughly make out what is going on on the other side of it. Alaa's final couture collectionshown in July 2017stands elegantly in front of it, opening the exhibition. Elsewhere, dresses are themed by material. Azzedine did collections, of course, but they were not thematiche was working and reworking, and reworking and re-re-reworking ideas and techniques, explains Wilson. So we broke it up by materials: chiffon, velvet, lace, and, of course, the black outfits, to visually explain how he did that. To allow that attention to detail to really shine, not a single garment is hidden behind glass or backed into a corner. You get to see everything in 360 degrees. That is really important, says Wilson. The dressesall of which have been remade and rescaled specifically for the exhibition, the proportions super-enhancedfit the invisible mannequins like a glove, so that they appear to be floating, suspended in mid-air. It is as much a sculpture exhibition as a fashion showcase. Forensically detailed photographs by the British artist Richard Wentworth, who spent years documenting life at Maison Alaa, paper the walls. Each image feels spontaneous, but is charged with deference to the couturier and his craft. What may seem quotidiana close-up shot of Monsieur Alaa sewing a garment, for instanceis all the more moving now that those hands are no longer with us. Film footage brings him back to life, if only for an instant, through the adulation of his devotees, including Sofia Coppola, Brigitte Macron and Michelle Obama. While the Design Museum will measure success through the number of visitors the exhibition attracts, for Wilson it is, as it always was when working with the couturier, an audience of one. I know if he is happy and he's into it, people are going to be blown away. He may not be here in person to judge for himself, but Azzedine Alaa's signature is everywhere. And true to form, it is perfection. Azzedine Alaa: The Couturier' will remain on view at the Design Museum until October 7 2018
Every summer, my instinct is to go towards my light cottons, pull out my whites, and resurrect my sleeveless kurtis and my go-to ganjis and shorts. But as the calendar flips to May and the sun blazes on upon us, I strangely find myself moving towards an all-black wardrobe. Slip tops, shorts, broderie anglaise dresses, black kaftans and cottons end up becoming all I wear. I do like how white shows off my tan, but black just adds so much mystery and sensuality to my summer style. I like to keep my accessories beachy and boho, maintaining a summer vibestraw hats, along with brightly coloured slippers and bags will always do the trick. Black is perfect for those impulsive work-to-party summer days too. And you can always add some colour to your sunglasses game with reds and metallics. Scroll through our slideshow to find out how to incorporate the dark hue into your wardrobe for the season.
If you love extravagant red carpet ensembles, the coming week is going to be treat for you. While Aishwarya Rai Bachchan left for Cannes Film Festival in a sharp all-black look last night, Deepika Padukone made appearances by the French Riviera in everything from a multi-coloured striped number by Tome to a floral Monique Lhuillier maxi. Closer to home, Alia Bhatt celebrated the release of her latest film Raazi in two pretty pastel Indian ethnic looks, and newly-wed Neha Dhupia chose a fuss-free blue dress for her honeymoon travels. Catch up on everything now. Aishwarya Rai Bachchan twins with Aaradhya Bachchan Each year, Aishwarya Rai Bachchan makes her way to Cannes and dazzles her fans with breath-taking gowns. Of late, the star has been attending the annual event with daughter Aaradhya Bachchan in tow, and this year is no different. Last night, Aishwarya Rai Bachchan was spotted leaving Mumbai in her staple travel look: all-black separates. The actor paired her ebony trousers with a comfortable tank top and layered up in a black travel coat, matching her outfit with a not-so-basic Burberry tote. The travel bag, which is forest green on the inside, featured a fun yellow belt. Matching with her mom, Aaradhya Bachchan entered Mumbai's T2 in a black LittleTags dress embroidered with cheery pink and red balloons. The six-year-old paired her travel look with a baby pink headband and rose-hued sneakers. Deepika Padukone experiments with fun prints In case you missed it, Deepika Padukone has already touched down in Cannes and has been giving her fans major summer style goals since. The star walked the red carpet last afternoon in a sheer Zuhair Murad gown that was embroidered with white flowers, but also created unmissable sartorial moments with her off-duty looks before she did. One of Padukone's coolest looks from yesterday was a pink and black Philosophy di Lorenzo Serafini maxi that's perfect for the girl who likes to make a statement. The flowy graphic print dress was cinched in at the waist with a studded belt, and was styled with retro pink heart-shaped earrings. Keeping the look's fun vibe in mind, Deepika Padukone pulled her hair up into a voluminous '80s-style ponytail, and added a touch of drama with a winged smoky eye. Alia Bhatt goes the Indian ethnic route for Raazi Just before Raazi hit theatres, Alia Bhatt stepped out in two baby pink Indian ethnic looks yesterday to spread the word about her latest film. Of the two, Bhatt's first kurta set was one every Indian wedding hopper needs to check out. Dotted with delicate mirrorwork, Alia Bhatt's peachy pink dRzya by Ridhi kurta set makes the ideal pick for your BFF's mehandi function. The star kept her look elegant with pretty jhumkas and simple metallic sandals. A fail-safe blowout and minimal makeup completed her look for the day. Missed what Kangana Ranaut, Priyanka Chopra and Raveena Tandon wore yesterday? Catch up now.
It appeared across the new season's runways, and now Kate Mossqueen of the barely-there bias cuttalks us through her lifelong obsession. Now Playing: Now experience the grand
For those who thought Instagram, Facebook and Snapchat were for millennial minds only, you're in for a treatmother-of-one Prerna Goel effortlessly puts together Alexander McQueen, Misho and Balenciaga in one quick breezy look for the camera. The former model, stylist and entrepreneur has turned to Instagram to give us lessons in the art of dressing up. The 47-year-old's feed, titled Prerna's Style File' (@prernasstylefile) takes us deep into her wardrobe, which is peppered with vintage Chanel, Gucci, Maison Margiela, Raw Mango, Shift and Anushka Khanna. In a pool of twenty-something bloggers, Goel's experience, influence and curated eye brings a fresh take on fashionone that's informed and personal. It's important that what comes through is that at my age, this is how I look (wrinkles and all) and that being comfortable in my clothes helps me feel comfortable in my skin. That's why there's always a story behind everything I own, says Goel of the prerogative behind Prerna's Style File. While Goel chronicles moments from her lifebe it the art she loves, the up-and-coming designer she's chanced upon last or sunny days spent in Italy's Lake Como, designer-friend Suhani Parekh takes the wheel behind the camera to art direct the meticulous image compositions. The page is not aimed at an 18-year-old, but we want to make sure that even they can relate to it. And that organically happens, because we have the influence of my age group (between 20-30) and Prerna's age groupso everyone feels welcome to this circle, says Parekh.
With summer here in full swing, there's nothing like an easy silk kurta take away the dreaded issue of dressing up for occasions in the heat. Whether you are stepping out for a family lunch or have a puja to attend, a stylish silk kurta will help you fulfil your sartorial needs, while keeping you cool. Whether you'd like your silk kurtas to sport bold hues or feature season-appropriate florals, you'll find something in our edit to suit your taste. If you ever wanted to add a shot of yellow to your wardrobe but had hesitated, now is the time to give it a goinvest in House of Masaba's yellow number, or go with a short silk kurta from Rangmanch by Pantaloons Women. On the lookout for something playful? Pair Krishna Mehta's printed silk kurta with nude palazzo pants or style Samant Chauhan's embroidered white silk kurta with a pair of ripped denims. Score brownie points from your grandmother at the family puja with Ivory's mint green silk kurta. Meeting friends but can't bear to think about jeans? Go for the printed floral number by Soch, and pair it with airy pants. Accessorise with pair of silver jhumka earrings and Kolhapuri chappals. Scroll through the gallery below for our edit of the 10 best silk kurta sets you can bank upon for all kinds of occasions this summer.
The transition from child star to Hollywood heavyweight is kind to very few. Bad dresses, awkward poses and dodgy haircuts are often part of the narrative, but with a sprinkling of A-list fairy dust (that usually contains the help of a stylist, a top-rate hairdresser, a heady mix of indie roles and blockbuster hits), many are able to put it behind them and become a red carpet professional. Here, Miss Vogue shares with you the first time some of the most famous women in the world took to the red carpet. Be thankful that the dresses your mum dressed you in aged eight weren't broadcast to the world. Now Playing: Now experience the grand
Alia Bhatt's career graph has been on a steady rise since her debut in Bollywood. Her latest project, Raazi, will see her in another demanding role, and is all set for release. In the past few weeks, Bhatt has been busy promoting the movie, and in the process, serving up some serious sartorial inspiration. Her current style seems to take its cues from her upcoming role, where she plays Sehmat, an Indian spy who marries a Pakistani military officer during the 1971 Indo-Pakistan war. Bhatt has been making sure that all eyes stay on her with her demure wardrobe choices, which leans heavily on summery kurtas and delicate dresses. In the mix are flowy anarkalis, breezy cotton kurtas, and feminine dresses, all with a heavy dose of summer-ready florals and colours. In the first week of April, the actor stepped out in a printed blue anarkali featuring pale blue florals for her first Raazi look, and has been seen in multiple Indian ethnic ensembles since. She kept it simple with kurta setslike her Raw Mango numberat times, while at others, she amped up the drama, like with a fully embroidered floor-length number. Recently, the actor was spotted spreading the word about her upcoming film at an event in Delhi, wearing an ivory floral kurta and palazzo set by Sabyasachi. The Highway actor took a break from her back-to-back Indian looks to embrace the ease of denims and quirky summer dresses. Her pink Burberry dress and that graphic red and black number, which featured micro hearts, were definite crowd-pleasers. Last week, Bhatt stepped into a blue frilled dress by Prabal Gurung for an event in Mumbai, and rounded off her look with Zara peep-toe heels and multiple gold rings. Breaking her streak of kurtas, the actor also chose a blue and white polka-dotted Michael Kors pantsuit to channel a retro vibe. Want a closer peek at Alia Bhatt's best looks from Raazi promotions? Scroll through our slideshow now.
Image: APH Images, Viral Bhayani From the French Riviera to the Mumbai airport, Bollywood has been seen everywhere this weekend. After walking the Cannes red carpet in that larger-than-life Ashi Studio gown, Deepika Padukone returned to the country in an earthy ensemble, while Kareena Kapoor Khan headed out in a creamy white Indian ethnic look. Newly-wed Sonam Kapoor-Ahuja flew out of Mumbai in a feminine sari and both, Karisma Kapoor and Mira Rajput Kapoor kept cool in flowy travel outfits. Here's a look back at everything you missed. Deepika Padukone returns to Mumbai after a long getaway It's been a while since Deepika Padukone was seen in Mumbai. After attending the Met Gala in that scarlet Prabal Gurung number and walking the Cannes red carpet in a slew of envy-worthy ensembles, the star finally returned to the city this week. Most often seen jet setting in cosy coats and comfortable jeans, Padukone touched down this time wearing a look we haven't seen her try before. The star looked perfectly put together in a soft brown midi dress that was topped off with a crme caramel trench and matching nude heels. The actor paired her look with matching brown sunnies and a forest green Burberry bag. Kareena Kapoor Khan goes with ivory and gold In stark contrast to Deepika Padukone's sleek dress, Kareena Kapoor Khan opted for an Indian ethnic look this week. After partying the night away at Sonam Kapoor-Ahuja and Anand Ahuja's wedding reception in that shimmering gold Manish Malhotra sari last week, she kept her latest look simple and elegant. The actor was seen at a UNICEF event this weekend in an ivory kurta, which she wore over voluminous white sharara pants. The fit-and-flare kurta was dotted with delicate gold embroidery, and was draped with an understated dupatta. For the occasion, Kapoor Khan kept her beauty look classic with a simple bun and kohled eyes. Gold jhumkas and matching gold juttis completed her look. Sonam Kapoor-Ahuja's first post-wedding appearance Another star who went the Indian ethnic route this weekend was Sonam Kapoor-Ahuja. Just days after her star-studded wedding celebrations came to a close, the newly-wed star was seen flying from Mumbai to Delhi with husband Anand Ahuja in a summer-ready sari by Masaba. Worn with a matching blouse featuring puffy elbow-length sleeves, Kapoor-Ahuja's lotus print sari made for the ideal post-wedding look for a summer bride. The star paired her feminine look with cascading curls, matching pink shoes and a deep brown Gucci sling bag. Missed what Kangana Ranaut, Diana Penty and Alia Bhatt wore this weekend? Catch up now.
As Aishwarya Rai Bachchan and Aaradhya Bachchan left France for Mumbai, Sonam Kapoor-Ahuja took over the Cannes red carpet yesterday in several unmissable ensembles. Both Kangana Ranaut and Jacqueline Fernandez picked sharp blazers at the airport, while Kareena Kapoor Khan enjoyed her day off with Taimur Ali Khan Pataudi in her favourite staplejeans. Overseas, Blake Lively stepped out yesterday in a shimmering Brandon Maxwell jumpsuit, Diane Kruger picked a deep purple Prada, and Mahira Khan was spotted greeting Kapoor-Ahuja in a navy blue Alberta Ferretti gown. See all the pictures now. Aishwarya Rai Bachchan's latest on-the-go ensemble Time and again, Aishwarya Rai Bachchan has proven her loyalty towards classic black separates. Earlier this week, the star flew to Cannes in an all-black outfit, and stuck with the fail-safe palette for her travel back home as well. This time around, Aishwarya Rai Bachchan was seen exiting Mumbai international airport in an ebony tank top, matching black travel coat, and comfortable blue mom jeans. The star paired her fuss-free outfit with an interesting black and yellow tote, and the ultimate travel must-have: white sneakers. Joining the star for her travels was daughter Aaradhya Bachchan, whose little red dressprinted with ice cream cones and cupcakesmakes the ideal pick for any child with a sweet tooth. Sonam Kapoor-Ahuja goes bold with polka dots After Aishwarya Rai Bachchan, Deepika Padukone and Kangana Ranaut, it's now Sonam Kapoor-Ahuja's turn to shine on the Cannes Film Festival red carpet. Yesterday, the actor touched down in France in a simple, yet striking outfit. Ready to take on the Cannes madness, Kapoor-Ahuja entered her hotel yesterday in a black Mother of Pearl dress covered in white polka dots, and complemented the roomy number with a white scarf featuring black polka dots. Keeping the classic colour combination in mind, Kapoor-Ahuja opted for pearl studs, along with Victoria Beckham sunglasses, a Bottega Veneta bag, and Chlo bootsall in black. As the day progressed, Sonam Kapoor-Ahuja was seen in a floral Delpozo dress, and an intricately embroidered white lehenga by Ralph & Russo. Kangana Ranaut looks sharp at Mumbai airport While Aishwarya Rai Bachchan caught her flight out of Cannes in roomy jeans, Kangana Ranaut picked a more formal look for her latest travels. Yesterday, the actor returned to Mumbai wearing a checkered skirt suit in shades of purple and white. Ranaut gave the formal outfit a casual spin by wearing her blazer and skirt over a printed white T-shirt, and adding pristine white Gucci sneakers to her look. The star picked a fun metallic sling for her flight, and kept her beauty look minimalthink fresh, glowing skin, and air-dried curls. Missed Madhuri Dixit Nene, Jacqueline Fernandez and Winnie Harlow's latest outfits? Catch up in our slideshow now.
Sonam Kapoor-Ahuja and Anand Ahuja's wedding celebrations may have drawn to a close, but people are still not done obsessing over it. From ODing on videos of Shah Rukh Khan, Salman Khan, Anil Kapoor and Ranveer Singh busting some serious moves on the dance floor to decoding the wardrobe of all the celebrity attendees, the wedding that was is still the talk of the town. Considering Kapoor-Ahuja's style icon status, it didn't come as a surprise when her wedding wardrobe garnered much interest. Staying true to her penchant for unexpected sartorial choices, the newly-married actor skipped the usual suspects and wore a bespoke lehenga by textile revivalist Anuradha Vakil for her ceremony. While many may not have seen this coming, turns out, it was a decision the actor made about a decade ago. Vogue caught up with the otherwise reclusive designer in an exclusive conversation. Read on for all the details. Getting to know Anuradha Vakil The Ahmedabad-based designer sees herself as more of a revivalist of textile crafts, and works with craftsmen across the country to preserve and champion dying arts. Vakil's refined design vocabulary is deep rooted in Indian-ness, while still resonating with the modern connoisseur-boasting nuanced sensibilities. I don't duplicate my designs or create large volumes. Instead, I work with those who share my aesthetic, says the revivalist, who prefers to work in creative solitude. Anuradha Vakil on Sonam Kapoor-Ahuja's wedding lehenga I met Sonam at Sanjay Leela Bhansali's house before Saawariya (2007) even released. Even as a young girl, she was drawn to my work, and made me promise that I would design her wedding lehenga back then itself. We remained friends and often joked about it over the years. When she finally did get engaged, Sonam came down to Ahmedabad to order her outfit, reveals the designer. The actor had utmost clarity about what she wanted to wear. While Vakil is renowned for her inimitable use of colours, Kapoor-Ahuja was keen to wear bridal red and gold, so that's the colour palette the duo worked with. Vakil usually takes 12-16 months to create a bridal ensemble, but the actor's lehenga was made in record timeit was ready in six months. The handwoven textile for the lehenga was developed in Maheshwar, Madhya Pradesh using a special gold and silk yarn. The embroidery was created using the kalabattu technique with real gold and silver threads, and the entire piece was centred around a stylised lotus motif. The outfit was assembled at Vakil's atelier in Ahmedabad. It's a skill to denounce clichs and not fall back on the tried-and-tested. Sonam and I both have an aversion to bling. We wanted to create something understated, worthy of becoming an heirloom treasure. So I let the colour shine through, and complemented the lehenga with a beautiful veil. It was very traditional, but also very refined. When I walked into her dressing room on the wedding day, we both burst into tears. It was an extremely emotional moment for meI adore Sonam and it was an absolute joy creating her wedding lehenga for her. On her relationship with Sonam Kapoor-Ahuja Vakil and Kapoor-Ahuja have been friends and collaborators ever since the actor forayed into films. Their shared appreciation for exquisite design is the basis of their fond relationship. Sonam is very confident, artistic and sensitive to beauty. She has always had a very individualistic sense of self and styleand can walk that fine line between traditional and modern without toppling. On Sonam Kapoor-Ahuja's trousseau Vakil reveals that she designs for Kapoor-Ahuja throughout the year, and that some of her trousseau outfits are still in production. The sharara worn by the actor for her at-home mehandi was also one of Vakil's contributions to her trousseau, though it wasn't specifically created for the occasion. The beige, soft grey and peach outfit was made using an upcycled antique textile from Vakil's personal collection, and enhanced with a border that belonged to the actor's mother, Sunita Kapoor. Consider it Kapoor-Ahuja's something new', made out of something old and something borrowed', if you will. Take a closer look at Sonam Kapoor-Ahuja's wedding looks created by Anuradha Vakil:
The new Bollywood Misses was recently spotted leaving the country to attend the Cannes Film Festival this year. Just like Sonam Kapoor Ahujas wedding ensemble, her airport looks, red carpet appearances and even her basic OOTDs is always on our radar. Dressed in checked trousers, paired with a white top and a beigey-brown jacket, she looked good. Her clear aviator glasses elevated this look and definitely made her look the part. With her hair left loose, she further accessorised this look with a Gucci handbag. Also, if you closely look, she has her IWC watch wrapped around her wrist. We've found to checked trousers at most similar to Sonams, in case you want to dress like her
As she made her way in to the airport, Karisma was photographed in Payal Khandwala separates. Wearing her hair up, she rounded out the look with a striking red lip, Balenciaga bag and Needledust jootis. She did good. Karisma Kapoor Photo Credit: Viral Bhayani
Rainbow stones, tassels, beads, flora and fauna are just few of the elements that are embedded in the happy jewellery DNA. And as mercury levels rise, what better way to beat the heat than with feel-good colourful jewellery, right? The scorching heat already has us dreaming of jet-set vacations, preferably somewhere in the Caribbean. And with the upcoming peak vacation season, the time to get your holiday wardrobes ready is herebarely-there summer whites, stringy sandals, the season's It bag, a larger-than-life straw hat to bury your head under and swinging tassel earrings in sunny brights or fruity-coloured stones to finish off. If you watched Jacquemus' La Bomba' summer video, you know the vacation vibe we're talking about. From shoulder dusters inspired by birds  la Ranjana Khan and Mercedes Salazar to beaded danglers by Deepa Gurnani and Sachin & Babi, we give you the top eight earrings to amp up your style quotient for the summer. Instant teleportation to sandy shores guaranteed.
Image: Getty To hell with heels! The red carpets of Cannes may be known for their outlandish fashions, but this year comfort trumps all, just as Kristen Stewart. Arriving at the premiere of Spike Lee's Blackkklansman in silver Chanel Couture Stewart continued the series of sleek, Lagerfeld approved looks she's worn since arriving in Cannes to serve on the main competition jury. Covered in crystal shards and metallic embroidery the innovative minidress meshed with Stewart's personal style right down to the simple black heels. As good as the shoes looked in pictures, Stewart's stilettos were something of an occupational hazard. Taking them off before heading up the stairs at Palais des Festivals she provided the event with a moment of reality amidst the festival's fantasy. The agony of heels that pinch or aggravate is an all too common concern, especially during big night's out and Stewart's willingness to ditch the offending footwear was refreshing. Image: Getty Nowhere are heels more politicised than at Cannes. With the festival making headlines during previous years for its no flats rule, actresses have been outspoken about the dress code and its adherence to behind the times gender roles. Telling reporters back in 2017 that found the rules outdated Stewart has been vocal about dressing the way she pleases. I feel like you can't ask that anymore, but it's still a given, said Stewart. If you're not asking guys to wear heels and a dress then you can't ask me either.
As a successful multi-hyphenate, Angelina Jolie only deals in superlatives. Her award-studded repertoire as an actor and filmmaker is backed up by her sartorial chopswe'll give you a minute to reminisce about her iconic Academy Awards outing in 2012 with the trademark leg slit that went on to launch a thousand tweets; the appendage even went on to have a Twitter account of its own (@AngiesRightLeg), that clocked in over 10,000 followers in no time. You'd be lying if you told us you didn't try that one in front of the mirror once, at least, before realising that you didn't have a Brad Pitt on your armor an invite to the Academy Awards. But as with all other things in her life, Jolie's path to the top was punctuated with her signature drive and refusal to let circumstances get the better of her. Despite making the rounds of auditions from the age of 16, she only managed to strike gold with Hackers (1995), before following it up with Love Is All There Is (1996) and Foxfire (1996), both of which attested to her stellar acting chops. Over the course of the next two decades, she delivered multiple blockbusters including the cult favourites Girl, Interrupted (1999), Mr and Mrs Smith (2005) and Maleficent (2015), among others. Offscreen, you'll find her taking her distinct brand of sexy sophistication to her pared-down style aesthetic, and making minimalist look oh-so-irresistibleall with a monochrome wardrobe and nude heels in her arsenal. Starry beginnings With the legendary Jon Voight for a father, Jolie's first tryst with the red carpet came at the age of 11; decked in an all-lace number with dramatic shoulders, she made her way to the 1986 Academy Awards red carpet on her dad's arm. As her movie career kicked into high gear with Hell's Kitchen (1998) and Girl, Interrupted (1999), she began to favour minimalist silk gowns that moulded her lithe figure to perfection. The 2004 Academy Awards had her taking to the red carpet in a snowy Marc Bouwer number with wrist drapes and a statement tiered necklace. And while her wardrobe continued to maintain fealty to solid colours over the next few years, her subsequent pregnancy in 2008 had her opening the door to fun prints and flowing silhouettes. Red carpet reign The key to making monotone fun is opting for a diverse palette of colours, as visible in Jolie's red carpet outings over the past decade. The style chameleon moved effortlessly from a champagne-hued gown at 2009's Cannes Film Festival to a fire engine red number for the premiere of Salt (2010), to a sequinned jade green number by Atelier Versace at the 2011 Golden Globe Awards. Through it all, you'll find that her mandate for a red carpet blockbuster remains constanthead-to-toe colour, bombshell eyes and a frequent thigh-high slit. Of course, the slit would later go on to become her signature, after she accessorised a sculpted Versace number with a trademark flash of her stiletto-clad right leg at the Academy Awards in 2012. Not averse to taking sartorial risks, she lent her might to the androgynous movement long before it became the buzzword du jour by giving Pitt company in a tailored Saint Laurent tux at the BAFTAs in 2014. When it comes to off-duty chic, Jolie can be found keeping her commitment to normcore chic alive with nude silk bodysuits and all-black ensembles, but she is also known to regularly indulge her flair for the dramaticas visible in the voluminous feather-trimmed sleeves that graced her otherwise demure gown at the Golden Globe Awards earlier this year. Swipe through the gallery below to have a look at Angelina Jolie's entire style evolution through the decades.
Sonam Kapoor-Ahuja does not do things by half measures. A certified style enthusiast, the actor ensures she take on sartorial challenges to make a statement with her public appearances. The star is already back in action on the Cannes 2018 red carpet to honour her professional commitments following her recent wedding celebrations. And as a longtime champion of the London-based couture label Ralph & Russo, Kapoor-Ahuja made her red carpet debut this year in a custom look by the couture house. A post shared by Mohieb Dahabieh ???? ????? (@mohiebdahabieh) on May 14, 2018 at 10:56am PDT The champagne tulle layered gown resembled a lehenga and featured a crop top with three quarter sleeves and a side cape. The floral hand embroidery of the gown was created with 43,000 pieces of Swarovski crystals and took over 9,500 hours to complete. Celebrity makeup artist Namrata Soni, who also did Kapoor's bridal makeup, put together the red carpet beauty look, which comprised of thick kohl on the lower lash line, lengthy eyelashes, a pink lip and ornate hair jewellery by Amrapali, which was carefully clasped on her long plait. Vogue spoke to Tamara Ralph, creative director and one half of Ralph & Russo, about Sonam Kapoor-Ahuja's style and what goes into the making of an iconic moment on the red carpet. This is a big year for Sonam Kapoor-Ahuja. What did you have in mind when creating looks for her? 2018 has been a huge year for Sonam, and I wanted her pieces to reflect thatfor them to be impactful, to resonate grandeur and individuality. I also wanted to reflect on Sonam's roots and celebrate her Indian heritage on a global stage. Sonam has worn Ralph & Russo to Cannes on many occasions. Any favourite looks that you can highlight? Both Sonam and I always talk about how we loved the white and gold winged custom look that she wore to Cannes in 2016it was dramatic, contemporary and traditional all at once, which really resonated with Sonam as an individual. Each of the looks we've created for Sonam have been special in their own rights, and have allowed us to share so many incredible moments together. What goes into the making of a dress that causes a wow moment' on the red carpet? Months of preparation and creation within our London atelier; a bespoke red-carpet look can often take many months, several fittings and thousands of hours to complete. What have you learnt about Sonam Kapoor-Ahuja's personal style over the years? That she can look good in anything! (laughs) Sonam has such a great sense of style, which has really evolved over the past few years; she's become more daring and playful than ever. When you create custom couture, what do you keep in mind to meet the client's expectations? I am constantly keeping my muse, the client, in mind. From her body shape, favoured silhouettes and preferred colour choices, to the event the gown is being designed to be worn at, the theme and the climate. Each element is so important in the design process, because you are not just looking to ensure that your client looks incredible, but also that she is comfortable; that she exudes confidence and that the look is fit for purpose.
Their elevated basics may be a departure from the norm but these new kids on the block are offering a delicious corrective to the current establishment. Creative codes are changing, tooInstagram numbers matter, sustainability has become a bedrock, and storytelling has the final word. With work that's both personal and real, this creative crop is holding up a mirror to India and the world. And we're here to witness their upbeat defiance, one honest collection at a time. Make way for a new world order. Who: Kichu Why: The Central Saint Martins graduate left London for India to start her eponymous label back on home ground. The contemporary jewellery scene there was, and still is, very established. I came back to India because I saw potential in the market here for similar developments. And so, she began tinkering with metals to create little objects of desire. From shark-tooth-shaped earrings to stag-head necklaces, everything is etched with urban legends and folklore. The secret to her meteoric rise? Collaborating is so important. As young innovators, we could all benefit from mentoring by established designers in the country, she doubles down on the way forward. Kichu.co.in
The history of royal tiaras is as long and fascinating as the headgear is sparkling. Take the tiaras worn by the late Diana, Princess of Wales, for instance. She married Prince Charles wearing a family heirloom of her own aristocratic lineage, the Spencer tiara, but the Cambridge Lovers' Knotwith its 19 diamond arches and swinging pearlswas said to be among her favourites. (She famously teamed it with Catherine Walker's pearl- and sequin-studded Elvis dress for a state dinner in 1989.) Originally commissioned by Queen Mary, the Cambridge Lovers' Knot was passed down to her granddaughter, Queen Elizabeth II, and has most recently been seen on the head of the Duchess of Cambridge. Other British royal family sparklers of note include the Lotus Flower tiaraa favourite of Princess Margaret's, the Egyptian-style headpiece originally belonged to the Queen Motherand the Cartier Halo Scroll, which dates back to 1936 and was worn by the Duchess of Cambridge on her wedding day. Among the oldest tiaras still in use is the Swedish royal family's Cameo Tiaraa rich gold diadem, with seven delicate cameos framed in opulent seed pearl accentswas gifted to Empress Josphine by Napoleon in 1809. The empress's granddaughter, Josephine of Leuchtenberg, inherited it and took it with her into the Swedish royal family when she wed the future King Oscar I of Sweden and Norway. It has since been worn by many of the women in the household of King Carl Gustaf, from Princess Birgitta's 1961 nuptials to Princess Victoria's own wedding in 2010. Not all royal households take the same inheritance approach to their gems though. The Japanese imperial household traditionally provides each family member a tiara of their own, either when they marry into the family, or when they come of age at 20. The most recent addition to the royal parure was Princess Kako of Akishino coming of age gift, an all-white scroll motif and diamond cluster setincluding matching earrings, a brooch, bracelet, necklace and, of course, tiaradesigned by Mikimoto. Here, Vogue dives into the treasure trove of royal tiaras.
One fashion accessory that never goes out of style are statement making watches. From accompanying you on your first-ever date to your very first job interview, the perfect watch will help you stay ahead of time. Those looking to add a hint of drama to their date night ensemble can look at Chopards Happy Snowflakes watch. If youre one for oversized watches, look at IWC Schaffhausens Da Vinci Perpetual Calendar Chronograph featuring a brown strap. Swing towards the minimal end of the spectrum? Breguets Reine de Naples Princesse 8965 sleek watch will have you falling for it. Love summer whites? Add a classic Oyster Perpetual DateJust watch by Rolex or invest in A. Lange & Sohnes Saxonia watch. Scroll through our edit of best chocolate-hued watches to add to your watch collection now.
After making her mark in a custom Ralph & Russo gown, Sonam Kapoor-Ahuja chose a tulle gown by Vera Wang for her second appearance on the Cannes 2018 red carpet. Kapoor-Ahuja's soft nude number was quite unexpected, as she has been known to be partial to whites and bright hues in the past. The strapless Vera Wang number bore an asymmetric ruffle detail on the back, and featured a layer of citrusy yellow tulle hidden within the skirt of the gown. Kapoor-Ahuja styled her look with heart-shaped yellow diamond earrings and a ring, both by Chopard, which complemented the unusual colour palette of the look. The star posted several pictures of herself working the texture of the tulle gown to her advantage. For her beauty look, she ditched the slick braids and updos for a low, messy bun. The actor wore a bright yellow eyeshadow on her eyelids, and accentuated it with thick, dramatic eyelashes. Completing her look was a touch of pink blush on her cheeks, and a shiny, rosy gloss.
As Cannes Film Festival continues, Sonam Kapoor-Ahuja and Mahira Khan gave their fans several more envy-worthy ensembles to add to their Pinterest boards yesterday. Closer to home, Jacqueline Fernandez stepped out in two red and white outfits, and Karisma Kapoor also favoured the interesting colour combination for her day out. Mira Rajput Kapoor wore the bold red + white combo with a touch of black for her dinner with Shahid Kapoor, and Shilpa Shetty Kundra added grey to the palette for her day out with son Viaan Raj Kundra. See all the looks below. Sonam Kapoor-Ahuja continues to give wardrobe envy at Cannes After walking the red carpet in that crop top + voluminous skirt by Ralph & Russo, Sonam Kapoor-Ahuja stepped out in France yesterday in not one, but three must-see looks. The boldest of the lot had to be that striped crimson and white Emilia Wickstead dress. Heavy embellishment on the collars and cuffs gave the belted number a fun, party-ready pop, and Kapoor added some more excitement to the look with chunky black Sophia Webster heels. The actor completed the look with oversized black sunglasses and a super sleek low ponytail. Yesterday, Sonam Kapoor-Ahuja was also seen in an earthy beige and yellow Vera Wang gown, along with a pared down white shirt and jeans combination. Karisma Kapoor keeps it casual in Mumbai In stark contrast to Sonam Kapoor-Ahuja's vibrant dress, Karisma Kapoor kept her look laid-back yesterday. Just like sister Kareena Kapoor Khan, Karisma was spotted out and about in Mumbai wearing a quirky T-shirt you may want to add to your own summer wardrobe. Covered in crimson kisses, Kapoor's T-shirt makes the ideal pick for a quick workout, or an afternoon outing with your BFFs. The star wore the tee with comfortable black trousers, white Gucci sneakers and a strong red lip. Big, black-framed glasses completed Karisma Kapoor's off-duty look. Jacqueline Fernandez gets ready to promote Race 3 Another star who favoured the red and white combination yesterday was Jacqueline Fernandez. All set to promote her next film, Race 3, Fernandez was first seen yesterday launching the trailer of the action flick in a white Lavish Alice midi featuring asymmetrical ruffle details. The actor cinched the look together with a thick red belt, and completed her ensemble with clear heels. To add some more drama to her look, Fernandez opted for a voluminous ponytail, and chunky earrings. Post the trailer launch, Jacqueline Fernandez was also seen in a girly red polka dotted dress paired with white heels. Did you miss Bhumi Pendekar, Dia Mirza and Kriti Sanon's latest outfits? Catch up now.
The Cannes Film Festival is easily one of the most anticipated events on the fashion calendar, and can always be counted on to deliver the dreamiest gowns. This season, however, we've spotted a number of celebrities opting for a new go-to. The likes of Aishwarya Rai Bachchan, Kristen Stewart, Deepika Padukone, Romee Strijd, Cate Blanchett and Penelope Cruz were all seen swapping sweeping trails for fierce pantsuits this time around. While nothing says #GirlBoss quite like Rai Bachchan's sharp black iteration, the leggy Padukone gave us lessons in how to bring in the now with a rush of Pantone's colour of the yearultra violet. How to suit up for the sultry summer? Turn to puff shades a la Blanchett. Sky high stilettos and statement earrings are an added bonus. Scroll through the slideshow below for a quick peek at all the suits we loved at the 71st Cannes Film Festival.
From Kareena Kapoor Khan and Mira Rajput Kapoor to Alia Bhatt, Kriti Sanon and Sonam Kapoor-Ahuja, everyone in Bollywood had a busy day yesterday. While Kapoor Khan hung out with designer Anita Dongre in a muted summer dress, Rajput Kapoor stepped out with Shraddha Kapoor for a bite at Bastian in yet another on-point maternity look, and Kapoor-Ahuja returned to Mumbai from Cannes in a pretty pastel pantsuit. Take a look back at some of yesterday's best style moments. Kareena Kapoor Khan picks an earthy summer dress After being seen in one bright yellow outfit after another, Kareena Kapoor Khan decided to switch up her summer vibe for her outing yesterday, and opted for an earthier palette. If you thought military green was too dark for the season, Kapoor Khan's latest OOTD will change your mind. Last afternoon, Kareena Kapoor Khan was seen hanging out with designer Anita Dongre in a deep khaki dress that needs to be in your summer wardrobe too. The sleeveless, V-neck midi featured athleisure-inspired stripes running down its sides, and was worn with comfortable black sandals and matching black Ray-Bans. Never one to go overboard, Kapoor Khan paired the look with barely-there makeup and a simple blowout. Mira Rajput Kapoor goes the pastel route Ever since the news of Mira Rajput Kapoor's second pregnancy hit the internet, the 23-year-old has been making headlines with her maternity style. Day before yesterday, Rajput Kapoor stepped out with husband Shahid Kapoor in a roomy black, white and red dress that's ideal for dinner dates, and last evening, was seen in yet another perfectly put together maternity ensemble. Spotted grabbing a bite alongside Shraddha Kapoor, Rajkummar Rao and Sushant Singh Rajput at Bastian last night, Mira Rajput Kapoor dressed her baby bump in a pretty off-shoulder, fit-and-flare blouse in a shade of soothing blue, and paired it with white jeans. A tan bag and dainty sandals completed her off-duty look. Sonam Kapoor-Ahuja returns to Mumbai Another star who showed pastel hues (a huge trend this season) lots of love yesterday was newly-wed Sonam Kapoor-Ahuja. After a busy few days at Cannes Film Festival, the actor returned to Mumbai last afternoon in a pale pink pantsuit that you've got to see if you love rosy hues. Worn over a semi-sheer white crop top, Kapoor-Ahuja's baby pink pantsuit was worn with white sneakers and oversized sunnies. In case you missed it, Sonam Kapoor-Ahuja is no stranger to this trend Over the past few months, we've seen her in everything from a bright red version of the power staple to a sorbet pink one too. Missed Kriti Sanon, Alia Bhatt and Amrita Arora Ladak's latest ensembles? Catch up via our slideshow now.
Come May 19, reformist and feminist, Suhani Jalota is flying 6,000 miles to attend the most-awaited and talked about wedding of the yearPrince Harry and Meghan Markle's royal wedding. But how did it all unfold for the young activist? It happened one day in 2016, when the 26-year-old founder of Myna Mahila Foundation (that attempts to improve women's menstrual health hygiene) gave an acceptance speech at the Glamour College Women of the Year Awards, where Meghan Markle sat in the audience, moved by the cause. She reached out a few months later to come to India and see our work, and voila, last year she was here at Myna. Ever since, she's been a great guide for us and the work we're trying to do, reminisces Jalota. From meeting Markle, to receiving the wedding invite in the mail and being announced as one of the charities of the couple's choice for donations (in place of gifts) from the wedding, it's been a meteoric few months for the trailblazer. In the lead up to the wedding, we spoke to Jalota about her best-laid plans for the coming days (including the designer she'll wear at the wedding). Raw Mango has a similar philosophy to ours in encouraging individuality and embodying powerful women. We could really relate to Sanjay Garg's humble beginnings, she says. And so started the process of creating four distinct saris, for Jalota and her four Myna ladies. But, why sari? The sari is a symbol that is rooted in culture, heritage and history; and with a diverse use of colour, textile and motifs, the saris will showcase India's diversity, explained the designer charged with the task. Made in Varanasi silk brocade, Chanderi and organza, in pastel colours of pale blue, pale pink, light grey and peach, the staple six-yard will feature quintessentially Indian motifs of the Chand Buta (crescent moon that symbolises the Ganga), marigold flowers for their fragrance and association with Indian weddings and a troop of monkeys, to celebrate spiritedness.
Swimwear might play a limited role in the wardrobes of most, but on-screen they can prove essential, defining a character in just one stroke. Take Denise Richards' blue one-piece in the 1998 erotic thriller Wild Things: the classic halter-neck number turns seductively see-through when Richards' character, Kelly, emerges from her daily swim, a nod to the teen debutante's malicious nature, hidden by her all-American looks. Elizabeth Taylor's white maillot in the film adaptation of Tennessee Williams's Suddenly, Last Summer on the other hand, represents her complete naivety. Other one-piece suits are as memorable as the productions they feature in. Just consider Baywatch, what would it have been without Pamela Anderson's signature high-cut suit? A mere mention of the 1970s TV series Charlie's Angels instantly brings to mind a smiling Farrah Fawcett, clad in an athletic red one-piece. Bo Derek's was catapulted to fame in 1979 with a single (slow motion) scene in 10, the 1979 romantic comedy, which featured Derek in that now-legendary nude swimsuit. Then, there's the vintage style worn by Keira Knightly in Atonement and Amy Adams in American Hustle, as well as more contemporary additions like Tilda Swinton's suit in A Bigger Splash. Dive into Vogue's edit of the ultimate scene-stealing one-piece swimsuits from film and TV below.
Actor Sonam Kapoor-Ahuja and designer Masaba Gupta's friendship is the stuff that chick flicks are made of, except better, because it features two women at the top of their game in their respective fields. The joint creative might of this power BFF couple is visible in the fact that they can do just about anything together. Late night phone conversations have led to denim saris that break the internet, and last minute requests before Cannes have resulted in the creation of hybrid sari-pants that made more than half the population on Instagram want to add one of their closets immediately. Growing up in the same neighbourhood can mean that you are cosmically destined to be friends, but the duo's similarities run more than just skin-deep. The two play off each other's strengths, and when the haters show upas they inevitably dothey have got the other's back covered. When Twitter trolls tried to question Gupta's parentage recently, she came out all guns blazing and was promptly backed by Kapoor-Ahuja. While their individual career graphs couldn't be more different, they have both been on their respective journeys with body acceptance. Kapoor-Ahuja uses her candour to speak up about what lies under the lustre of a movie star's picture-perfect life, Gupta has never shied away from talking about her own battle with weight loss and how she came out winning. However, the true testimony to the depth of their bond can be found in the fact that the past 18 years together have only made them stronger. In a recent Instagram post that Gupta shared before the newly-wed bride's sangeet, she reminisced, The industry you are in can turn even the best of people, but you have shown to those who know you that you can be exactly who you want to be, hold your ground and still do great work. I don't think I will ever forget 2009, when I started my label and you called me at 7 am just to say you will be there when I asked you to come in support, and we hadn't even spoken for years. Together, you'll find them acing everything from destination weddings to casual dinnerseven Anil Kapoor is a fan of their company. The designer revealed in a recent interview, My best memory in your house is when we're sitting on that floor and your dad will walk in and say I love this room. I love the energy of the youth in this room', and he sits there. Seated next to her on the couch, an abashed Kapoor-Ahuja intoned, And my friends love it. I'm like, why do you wanna hang out with my dad? I'll be like, Please leave, dad.' On the professional front, the duo bring out the best in each other, with Gupta's flair for whimsy taking flight under Kapoor-Ahuja and sister Rhea's creative brainstorming. The duo collaborated as far back as in 2010, when the sunny star took a palm print sari from the designer for a spin and immediately topped the best-dressed lists. The rest, as they say, is history. I can't even explain how helpful it is to have someone like Sonam Kapoor believe in your clothes. She is a style icon, and the fact she supports me is a huge boost. My saris never sold before. Now, she endorses them and wears them frequently and that has changed around differently, she revealed in an interview a couple of years ago. Over the years, they have only grown powerful together, and apparently faster too. Case in point: the fabulously fuss-free pastel sari at Kapoor-Ahuja's last Cannes outing that was made in less than two days. No mean feat when you consider the logistics of the look that included a three-piece mint sari consisting of a blouse, cropped pants and a half jacket that can be converted into a pallu. We were looking at something in nude tones by Rhea [Kapoor] who does thorough planning of each outfit, [and she] suggested a mint might look better in the daylight. We made the look in a day and a half, recalls Gupta. The success of their frequent impromptu collabs can be found in the fact that the resulting look is usually sold out in a week, if not sooner. Sonam can create an online shopping crisis overnight when she wears us, which is great. The requests start pouring in when she is spotted in the label, acknowledges the feisty designer. Scroll through our slideshow to have a peek at all the times the celebrity and designer duo made creative magic happen with their knockout looks.
The thought of summer makes for a idyllic picture when you are lounging by the poolside and sipping on Negronis, or binge-watching old movies in the cool comfort of indoor air conditioning. On other days, when you're forced to travel to work (oh, the indignation) or find yourself struggling to capture the attention of a three-year-old at home, the scorching weather quickly makes itself quite undesirable. But there are ways to keep your cool besides just staying hydratedwe're referring to your wardrobe here. A lineup of soothing cotton wear that's easy on the skin will help you stay chill, even through the blistering heat. Lay your racy lace bralettes and mesh bodysuits to rest until the mercury subsides, and make a conscious shift to include cotton lingerie in your closet. We are talking old-school ruched briefs and unlined cotton bras that not only allow breathability, but can also save your skin from rashes and inflammations. And it's not just the lingerie department that needs a do-over in this weather, your nightwear could do with an update too. When tucking in, opt for lightweight cotton pyjamas. Choose from stripes and prints to solid hues for those late-night Instagram stories. Feel the need to shed layers? Slip into a simple nightdress, and drift into dreams of poolsides and Negronis. Scroll through the slideshow for our edit on the must-have cotton lingerie and sleepwear to shop for this season.
You have a secretyou're the last of the English roses and when he lifts your veil, he's going to see your wanton past, whispered designer John Galliano to Kate Moss as he sent the supermodel off to church to marry her then-husband-to-be, Jamie Hince. As per the picture of intrigue he painted to inspire her, a certain sense of theatre is inherent in a bridal veil in the West, as it is with the dupatta in south-east Asia, offering a myriad of ways for a bride to express her unique style. As a historical relic, the wedding veil has had many wanton pasts of its own. In the West it was once a symbolic reference to the virginity of the bride, thought to offer protective powers to her, guarding her from evil spirits who may fall in love with her maidenly beautyor, in some cases, prevent an arranged husband-to-be from fleeing upon first sight before vows could keep him from doing so. In India, the dupatta's origins are rooted in modesty and a sense of respect for elders. With all their antiquated references and allusions to chastity, the veil is often regarded as an afterthought, a distant second to The Dress. However, with its narrative history and transformative power, treating the piece historians refer to as the oldest part of the bridal ensemble in any way but with careful consideration is a missed opportunity. The dress makes the wedding but the veil makes the bride, explains Alison Miller, creative director of label Monvieve, whose couture veils in champagne and ivory lace all but sold out during the brand's trunkshow on Moda Operandi last year. When I watch women put on a veil, it's literally in that moment that all the emotion comes out. It's when they realise they're a bride-to-be. We've all worn white gowns in our lives of some kindto the beach or a cocktail partybut really few women have ever worn a veil before. In recent times, Miller has outfitted British model-turned-DJ Harley Viera-Newton for her wedding to DJ Ross Schwartzman in a custom, floor-length mantilla veil that she paired with a vintage Valentino gown to low-key, bohemian effect. [Brides] sense it, from the moment they put it on throughout the bridal arc, it's an accessory that creates moments. When your mother or sister or bridesmaid puts it on your head on your wedding day, that's a moment. When your father or fianc lifts the Blusher, that's one of the moments that makes people burst into tears. And, of course, they make the most beautiful photographs. Timothy Long, curator of fashion at the Museum of London agrees. The use of the veil is a component of tradition, of connecting to the overall look of a bride. Without a veil you could be in just another dress. So interconnected is the veil with the dress that for many designers it is a process done simultaneously. I always design a veil in tandem with a dress, says bridal designer Reem Acra. For me, a veil completes the bridal look, as well as adding emotion to the wedding ceremony. I love it when veils incorporate elements of the dress, especially embroidery and beautiful detailing. Couturier Paolo Sebastien adds, What I love about couture and working with clients is that every bride is differentin some cases the veil simply completes a look and in others it is unquestionably the starting point of planning. When it comes to planning your own, look around for inspiration. Bollywood offers much, including Aishwarya Rai Bachchan's south Indian Kanjivaram sari style, Kareena Kapoor Khan's churidar kameez in which her dupatta was secured at the midpoint of the crown and matched with regal jewels, or Anushka Sharma's belted look at her Mumbai reception. On the international runway at the spring 2019 Bridal Fashion Week last month, designers such as Temperley London, Elie Saab and Zuhair Murad honoured floaty, traditional tulle confections, Viktor & Rolf veils were layered to the point of opacity, while at Reem Acra they were blossoming with appliqu lotus flowers in silk with crowns piled high with fresh blooms. For maverick inspiration look to Bianca Jagger's bespoke YSL, beekeeper-chic hat and veil and for traditionalists, check out Poppy Delevingne's lengthy Chanel couture train or Amal Clooney's Oscar de la Renta Cathedral style. In the end, whatever you choose, whether it's perceived purity or protection from a wanton past you seek, a well-chosen veil will ensure that all anyone will see is an exquisite silhouette. Belted Ideal for lighter, summer fabrics and more ornate blouses in sari and A-line lehenga styles, this is a modern interpretation of the traditional dupatta that streamlines the silhouette. Double layer A look in which a heavier veil is worn across the body while a lighter, more translucent fabric covers the face or head entirely, the double layer dupatta allows for a more opulent, luxurious bridal outfit. One shoulder wrist-twist By draping the veil over one shoulder and across the body and over the opposite wrist, heavier fabrics such as velvet, silk crepe or georgette are given more movement and drama. Cape A fashion-forward, Western couture-inspired drape of the bridal dupatta is as simple as hanging the veil around your shoulders. This is ideal for more fluid fabrics such as silk satin or organza, and allows for intricate trims and embroideries to be heroed down the length of the body. Royal shawl Favoured by Indian royalty throughout history, this is a classic, retro look that works best with lehengas and anarkalis where the intricate and ornate work of the dupatta is the focus. Here, the veil is anchored at a single point on the bridal gown and then wrapped around the head and shoulders like a shawl.
There's no denying that pantsuits are one of Bollywood's favourite silhouettes right now. Yesterday, Athiya Shetty stepped out in a metallic floral version of the power staple, while Aditi Rao Hydari wore her pale pink blazer with matching shorts and Sonam Kapoor-Ahuja picked a molten silver jacket by Diane von Furstenberg. Freida Pinto went a little more extravagant for a public appearance last night with a fur-detailed Bibhu Mohapatra dress and Winnie Harlow picked a black and white Zuhair Murad maxi. As for Janhvi Kapoor and Twinkle Khanna, it was all about ripped jeans and white blouses. Aditi Rao Hydari's pretty pink outfit Sonam Kapoor-Ahuja wasn't the only Bollywood star favouring the pink-on-pink combination this week. Just hours after the newly-wed was seen returning to Mumbai in that rosy pantsuit (worn with a white tank top), Aditi Rao Hydari attended the launch of the OnePlus 6 phone in a similar ensemble. Giving her sharp look a summer-ready spin, Rao Hydari skipped on trousers, pairing her baby pink Zara blazer with matching blush shorts. The actor wore the coordinated separates with a slogan tee from Mango, and rolled up her sleeves to give the ensemble a more laid-back vibe. Keeping with the romantic vibe of her outfit, Aditi Rao Hydari picked pastel pink sandals, and matched her lipstick to her outfit too. Athiya Shetty experiments with metallics After the likes of Anushka Sharma, Alia Bhatt and Kareena Kapoor Khan, Athiya Shetty stepped out last night in a pantsuit too. And if you need lessons on how to make the classic look brand new, this look is one you can't miss. Instead of opting for solid hues, Athiya Shetty attended the Lonely Planet Awards last evening in a silver Paule Ka blazer and cropped trousers set. The suit was dotted with baby blue and gold blooms, and was worn over a ruffled shirt. The actor skipped on fussy heels and walked the blue carpet in strappy silver flats. Freida Pinto goes for eye-catching embellishment Overseas, one of the most exciting looks yesterday was Freida Pinto's. While Bollywood stuck with sharp blazers, Pinto stepped out in New York wearing a white Bibhu Mohapatra dress that was anything but basic. Featuring layers of feathers along the neckline, the ivory midi was also embellished with geometric silver patterns and metallic flowers. Freida Pinto paired the dress with black Roger Vivier heels, a matching silver clutch and a silver watch. With such a busy outfit, the actor decided to keep her beauty look simple with a slicked back bun and barely-there makeup. Missed what Heidi Klum, Janhvi Kapoor and Leighton Meester wore recently? Find out now.
It once held that a bride's second trip down the aisle could not, and should not, be as fabulous as her first. Her dress had to be restrained, demure even, without a hint of flash or flare. She dared not don a traditional wedding gown and it best not be whitecream, perhaps, but preferably a muted beige or a subtle grey. It was a kind of sartorial penance, if you will, for the mistakes of the first failed marriage. Yet on the eve of what is sure to be the most splendid second wedding in recent historyMeghan Markle, an American divorcee, to Prince Harrytwice-betrothed women are vowing to dress how they please. Second-time brides (and third- and fourth-time ones, for that matter) report choosing a dress that is often more elaborate than the first and more representative, they say, of who they are and what makes them feel beautiful. While the die-hard traditionalists might arch an eyebrow at a woman deciding to wear a wedding dress for her second big day, there is very little stigma attached to that decision now, says Jade Beer, editor-in-chief of Cond Nast Brides and author of the soon-to-be-published novel The Almost Wife. The concern isn't whether the dress is appropriately tamed, it's whether it avoids the mistakes of the first frock and is sufficiently statement-making so that the bride won't blend in with her guests. Beer attributes the shift to a broader evolution of bridal fashion. Wedding dresses are no longer confined to the strapless ballgown template. They are wearable, they move, they translate to your future wardrobe, she says. These dresses are pieces that would be entirely appropriate as eveningwear or the red carpet, made by designers known for their fashion credentials beyond the world of bridal, Beer adds, citing Naeem Khan, Mira Zwillinger and Galia Lahav. Elizabeth von der Goltz, global buying director for Net-a-Porter, says the luxury e-commerce site is seeing more demand for different bridal options within the most sought-after brands, like Gabriela Hearst and Brandon Maxwell. Tailored bridal pieces, and suits with a jacket and pants, have been the ultimate standout trend, she explains. Whoever the designer of Markle's much-anticipated dress is, the gown is guaranteed to be a significant step up from her first wedding. For her 2011 beach celebration in Jamaica, Markle donned a simple strapless number, with a notched neckline and beaded belt. The former Suits star is in good company doing it bigger and better the second time round. Model Miranda Kerr quietly, and secretly, married her first husband Orlando Bloom, but that didn't stop her from selecting a haute couture Dior wedding dress for her 2017 wedding to Snapchat founder Evan Spiegel in Los Angeles. The wedding was restrainedjust 45 guests or so at their Los Angeles homebut the look was not. Inspired by the gown Grace Kelly wore to marry Prince Rainier of Monaco, Kerr's fairytale dress had a high neck, long sleeves and full skirt, worn with a headpiece that could be mistaken for a tiara. Kim Kardashian's second and third weddings were much more elaborate than her first when she eloped in Las Vegas. The second soiree, to Kris Humphries, saw her change into three custom Vera Wang gowns. And when she wed Kanye West, in a lavish celebration in Florence, she chose a custom-made lace Givenchy gown by Riccardo Tisci. People getting married for the second time are wearing an even bigger dress, says Mark Niemierko, the UK wedding planner who is so high-end that he considers Chanel to be middle market. The only factor to consider in a remarriage are the logistical mistakes made the first time, he says, like running out of Champagne. Niemierko sees absolutely no lingering scent of a stigma attached to wearing a grand second wedding gown, audibly scoffing at the suggestion of it. Still, a century hasn't yet passed since King Edward VIII needed to abdicate the throne before he could marry Wallis Simpson, an American divorcee. Fast forward a generation and now Prince Charles, heir to the throne, is quite famously on his second marriage, as is his wife, Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall. The mere fact that a member of the royal family is marrying someone from overseas who has been divorced shows you how far the British royal family has come, says Sarah Haywood, a London-based international luxury wedding planner and author. Haywood has a list of questions she asks her clients when she begins working with them, including whether one or both has been married before. But she doesn't dig much deeper than that or ask questions about previous weddings. If you are going out to buy a sofa, the salesperson doesn't want to know about the one you are getting rid of, she says. The only sensitivities she sees are around certain religious requirements or if children are involved. Older brides getting remarried tend to show more restraint but wedding industry insiders say that is the result of age, not societal pressure. The Duchess of Cornwall wore a dove grey Anna Valentine dress for her 2005 wedding to Prince Charles. Jerry Hall chose a steely blue Vivienne Westwood dress for her marriage to Rupert Murdoch. Stefanie Clyman Gold, an American sales coach, began her second wedding dress hunt in New York looking for cocktail options, but soon worried she would blend in with her guests, a common, and warranted, fear among second-time brides. A long white dress felt silly at her age (46 at the time), while most other colours made her feel like the mother of a bride. She knew what she didn't want: a repeat of her first wedding dress, a long white gown with a sweetheart neckline selected by her mother from Priscilla of Boston, the now-shuttered American chain (the founder made the bridesmaids dresses for Grace Kelly's wedding). I don't even remember having a choice, Clyman Gold says. After trying on a pink gown at Vera Wang (I looked like a birthday cake, she says), Clyman Gold reluctantly agreed to try on a red dress at the urging of a salesperson. Oh my god, this is the dress, she remembers thinking. She adored the deep scarlet strapless gown, with a mermaid hem and full tulle train. But as much as she loved it, she proactively told a few friends about the dress before her big day. I felt a little insecure, she says. I needed somebody to say, It's OK, it's OK, you can do that.' She even told her future husband, and he was thrilled. Now, some four years later, her voice still swells as she thinks of the dress. I just felt so good, she says. That worrywhat others will thinkis becoming less of a factor, says Bruce Russell, a London-based luxury wedding planner. Instead, brides are prioritising their own preferences. Now if she wants it, she'll have it. If she doesn't, she won't, he says. Another second-time bride, Melissa Crane-Baker, wanted her second wedding dress to be sophisticated and sexy she says, but not too bridal. She had previously eloped in an Armani slip dress, but wasn't interested in a princess moment. Instead, she selected a sleek gown from Reem Acra with a lace top, cap sleeves and open back. She did little to her hair, choosing instead to go with her day-old blow-dry. Her wedding had the feel of a really fun Saturday party, she says. It just so happened that I was wearing a major gown.
Fashion and reality have come together for creative pursuits often, for the purpose of storytelling. The use of real people in fashion is not a new concept. In 1999, Paralympic athlete Aimee Mullins opened Alexander McQueen's spring/summer show wearing a pair of wooden legs that were hand carved by the designer himself. McQueen said he chose her to open the show because she represented his visionbeauty, uniqueness and strength. In 2015, Cline's campaign featured the octogenarian journalist, Joan Didion; a well-known personality, but not a conventional model. On the home turf, Sanjay Garg's Raw Mango and Maithili Ahluwalia's Bungalow 8 collaborated in 2015 and the result was a series of images featuring women with distinct personalitiesKaveri Acharya, Prerna Goel and Loulou Van Damme, among othersagain, not models by orthodox standards, but women of distinct style and taste. Cut to 2017, the year when the term diversity' formed the zeitgeist of the generation, Gap Inc. chose real people for their spring/summer ad campaign I Am Gap', to demonstrate what a real American summer looks like. Time and again, fashion is faced with the fatigue of giving in to the conventional standards of representation and we often find ourselves looking for relatable spectrums amidst the chaos of gloss and perfection. Huemn, the Indian label serving sports luxe with a side of streetwear, is dedicated to breaking away from the norms set by the industry. Their last campaign, Humans Were Made To Love', was an unapologetic feature of the people in urban Indiaa gesture of inclusivity. Last year, with the inception of Huemn Stories', founders Shyma Shetty and Pranav Mishra took their narrative beyond the sphere of clothing through a series of portraits taken by Mark Hanauer. The first edition of the project featured young urbans of New Delhi, including designer Dhruv Kapoor. The second leg, which came out this year, highlights stories of multi-cultural people across all ages, based in Los Angeles. This photo series, to be part of their soon-to-be-launched website, is an extension of the label's philosophy, that fashion of a time is often a response to the dynamic socio-economic, political and pop cultural landscape of the world. The makers of Huemn plan to make this a long term project, forming a permanent part of their brand's identity. A third instalment that's in the pipeline will be dedicated to the people of Srinagar. Vogue got a glimpse at the LA stories. Scroll through the slideshow below to have a look.
On the northwestern outskirts of Barcelona, the head office of architect Ricardo Bofill rises up from a garden of olive and cypress trees like the Tower of Babel. Carved out of the shell of a disused cement factory La Fbrica, as it is known, is a place where Escher-like staircases lead to nowhere, colossal oxidised metal beams soar between bton brut walls and rooftops are coated in lush green lawns. Here, on a balmy Sunday in April, Vogue came to meet Mugler's new artistic director, Casey Cadwallader. Though he may not be a familiar name, there's a good chance you have worn his designs. Until now, the American designer has worked largely behind the scenes at TSE, Loewe and J. Mendel, before becoming design director for women's ready-to-wear and accessories at Narciso Rodriguez, and then design director of Acne Studios' pre-collections. Cadwallader's aptitude for, as he puts it, translating yourself through the lens of the brand will be an invaluable asset to Mugler, which has lost some of its momentum in recent years. Established in 1974 by Thierry Mugler, the French fashion house pioneered the aggressively sexy, angular hourglass silhouetteachieved through padding a woman's every curve and cinching in her waistwhich became synonymous with the 1980s and early 1990s. Mugler was the man behind the iconic little black dress Demi Moore wore in Indecent Proposal, Diana Ross and daughter Tracee Ellis walked in his shows, and in 1992, he was director and costume designer for the era-defining music video for George Michael's hit Too Funky, starring the likes of Linda Evangelista, Eva Herzigova and Tyra Banks. His creations transformed women into ice queens, superheroes and even motorbikescreations famously reincarnated in 2009 when Mugler acted as creative adviser and costume designer to Beyonc's I Am world tour. (The outfits go on display in February for the Thierry Mugler: Creatures of Haute Couture exhibition at the Montreal Museum of Fine Arts.) Despite its success and enormous influence, Clarinswhich has owned the Mugler name since 1997was forced to close the house in 2003 due to substantial losses, but the ready-to-wear line was revived seven years later under Nicola Formichetti, who built a lot of buzz around the brand thanks to his frequent collaborations with Lady Gaga. His successor, David Koma, created beautifully cut designs favoured by the likes of Nicole Kidman and Reese Witherspoon, but the brand was far from regaining the stature of its heyday. Probably should note it was revived with RTW only. We spent two days with Cadwallader as he shot his debut collection on a diverse cast of women. By bringing together the likes of literature graduate Jess Cole, who enviably landed an exclusive with Cline in her first season; hip-hop star 070 Shake; French Olympic swimmer Anna Santamans; actress Anna Brewster; and original Mugler muses Amy Wesson and Debra Shaw, he wants to start a conversation around what powerful modern femininity means. The photographs, taken by Arnaud Lajeunie, will be previewed in a private penthouse in Tribeca, New York on Wednesday, where guests will see the designs firsthand. This project is really about bringing variety to Mugler. Recently, [the brand] was only about evening wear, it didn't really do more than dress elegant women, models and beautiful actresses for the red carpet, the 38-year-old explains as he adjusts the collar of a black leather biker jacket on Cole. With its oversized belt buckle and broad shoulders, the references to the original Mugler are there, only softer and more supplethe armholes dropped to the top of the arm rather than jutting out at an angle, and the material itself only lightly buffed, not lacquered to the point of being fetishistic. Later in the day, Cole changes into a trench coat made in collaboration with the artist Samara Scott. A zany concoction of ingredients are trapped between the two layers of clear vinyl from which the garment is cut, ranging from hair gel to curry powder and toothpaste. When opened up and held against the sun, it is a thing of ethereal beauty that resembles a basking butterflya subconscious nod to Mugler's spring 1997 couture collection. There's a similarity between the way Paris-based Cadwallader, who hails from New Hampshire and holds a degree in architecture from Cornell University, is approaching Mugler and the way Bofill converted the cement factorydemolishing part of its structure to reveal concealed forms. Rather than tearing up the original Mugler manifesto, Cadwallader is blowing down the walls of the brand to extend its design vocabulary for the 21st century woman. When I looked back at Mr Mugler's archive, he made sportswear, swimsuits, he turned women into creatures, he had dancers, performance artists and musicians at his showsthere was this movement around him, Cadwallader enthuses. For me, women's empowerment then was about having big shoulders to stand up to men in the workplace and also to attract their eye. [Whereas today] women still dress for power but for themselves. That is the big differencenot to be accepted by men but to be true to yourself and feel the power of self confidence, and choose your own destiny. The following day at a Bofill-designed summer house, Cadwallader's attention to structure and form comes to the fore. Shaw, a long time Mugler muse, is electrifyingly elegant standing at the side of the red-tiled pool in a knitted dress and a Marco Panconesi for Mugler ear cuff that spouts white crystals like firework sparks. Meanwhile, 070 Shake is changing into a denim two-piece that teases the mind with its painstakingly assembled spiral seams, which seem to have no beginning or end. Perhaps one of the most literally referenced pieces in his collection (available at Net-a-Porter, Bergdorf Goodman and the Mugler store in Paris from August) is a fully canvassed jacket based on a men's design from the Mugler archive, which comes in teal and black. The cut has been adapted to better suit a woman's body, with laces so any woman any size can adjust the strings and define their waist, explains Cadwallader. The designs aren't short of ingenuity or craftsmanship, and although Cadwallader views this first body of work as an experimenthaving only had seven weeks to design it following his December appointmentthe 30-style collection is a coherent celebration of individuality. Going forward, the plan is to show the collections on schedule, but rather than pouring money into a runway show, Cadwallader intends to continue doing special events or presentations. But how does it feel to wear Cadwallader's Mugler compared to Thierry Mugler's? Who better to ask than the women who have inspired both designers? A Mugler suit made you appear strong even if you weren't. It's a special human poweryou put on the suit and it gives you strength, Shaw tells me over dinner that night. She pulls out her phone and shows me a photo of her and Amy Wesson modelling side-by-side in the Thierry Mugler Autumn/Winter 1998 couture show. This shoot, she believes, is the first time they have been reunited since that day. Casey has really captured that spirit, she continues. To do that and still be in your own creative space is genius. You feel a bit of the old Mugler but it's an advancement of today. It's a perfect example of how [Thierry] would evolve with the times.
Premium lifestyle brand Shaz has found itself a spanking new space in Worldmark, Aerocity in New Delhi. With a sprawling 2,400sqft area, this is the brand's largest store in the country. Luxurious copper finished interiors complement the glass exteriors of the space to showcase the brand's extensive offerings. Shaz is best known for its classic jewellery pieces, but the new store features everything from home accessories to perfumes, along with the ornaments. It also houses their new range of eclectic Go Bold jewellery, that draws inspiration from nature with motifs that include lush florals, perfect for evening wear. In addition to this, the new store will also have stylish watches, tropical scarves and sunglasses. If you're looking to upgrade your accessory collection or are on the hunt for something special for your home, this is the one-stop-solution for your needs. The store is located at G05, Ground floor, Worldmark 1, Indira Gandhi International Airport, Aerocity, New Delhi
While Priyanka Chopra celebrated Meghan Markle and Prince Harry's big day in England, our favourite celebrities back home stepped out in several must-see ensembles in the last 24 hours. Janhvi Kapoor showed off her summer-ready abs on her way to a movie in Mumbai, Karisma Kapoor kept cool in a light sari, and newly-wed Sonam Kapoor-Ahuja joined Kareena Kapoor Khan to promote Veere Di Wedding in a sorbet-hued suit. Indian ethnic ensembles also won the votes of Alia Bhatt, Esha Gupta and Dia Mirza this weekend. Take a closer look at your favourite celebrities' looks now. Karisma Kapoor discovers the ultimate summer sari As we move into the heart of India's scorching summer, it's time to invest in easy-breezy outfits that help you stay cool. And while cotton kurtas and cotton saris are a favourite this season, Karisma Kapoor seems to have discovered one more Indian ethnic ensemble that needs to be on you summer must-buy list: the linen sari. Spotted on a day out in Jaipur, Kapoor gave fussy anarkalis a break for a simple white linen version of the six-yard staple, featuring a geometric black border and charcoal grey pallu. The star wore her sari with a matching black blouse, and added silver jhumkas and a chunky silver ring to the look. Don't know what to do with your hair this summer? Follow Karisma Kapoor's lead and pick a pretty braid. Janhvi Kapoor picks another crop top this month In case you missed it, Janhvi Kapoor has been pretty busy this month. Just last week, the Bollywood debutante was seen hanging out with designer Prabal Gurung in one of her coolest summer looks so far, and this weekend, Kapoor stepped out to catch a movie with dad Boney Kapoor in yet another cropped tee. If you're all set to show off your abs this summer, take cues from Janhvi Kapoor's latest OOTD. While the star wore a simple white crop last week for her day off with Gurung (styled with a black biker jacket), she repeated her ripped jeans with a striped Fiorucci version of the summer favourite this weekend. White sneakers, a bright blue sling and twin French braids completed her off-duty look. Sonam Kapoor-Ahuja joins Kareena Kapoor Khan at Veere Di Wedding promotions Just back from the Cannes Film Festival, Kapoor-Ahuja stepped out to spread the word about her latest project Veere Di Wedding in not just one, but two very different looks. After being spotted hanging out with co-stars Kareena Kapoor Khan, Swara Bhasker and Shikha Talsania in a layered white maxi, the actor picked a wedding-ready kurta for her second promotional outing. Worn under an embroidered cropped jacket, Sonam Kapoor-Ahuja's peach kurta makes the ideal pick for a summery mehandi celebration. The star paired her soothing sorbet look with understated juttis and eye-catching chaandbalis. Missed what Meghan Markle, Priyanka Chopra and Amal Clooney wore over the weekend? Catch up now.
Leather handbags are considered to be something of a treasure, or so we are often told. But often it's hard to exactly trace the origin of the leather, and knowing of some of horrors of the leather trade, many are moving towards more cruelty-free options. If you are still following your resolution to be an ethical and conscientious shopper this year, the time to make the switch is here. Faux and vegan leather handbags look just as good as the ones made from real leather, plus they will earn you brownie points in the eco warrior department. From clutches to handbags, the inventory of faux and vegan leather accessories is pretty wide. Stella McCartney, who has been making efforts towards being a wholly sustainable luxury brand for a while now, only uses faux leather in her products. If you are looking for an evening bag, the label's snakeskin-effect clutch makes for a great investment option. Urban Originals is another brand that boasts of cruelty-free leather bags. We're eyeing their red hot clutch, which comes complete with a ring handle, for this season. You can also pick from Calpak's pastel handbag to pack your overnight essentials in for a weekend trip, or go with Paco Rabanne's '90s inspired black backpack for a city vacation. Looking for something on trend? Get your hands on Leith's faux leather and straw handbag while the summer lasts. Convinced to add a cruelty-free clutch or tote to your collection? Scroll through our slideshow and click on your favourite to buy it online, right now.
I've written about some irksome footwear in the past. There have been the freaky peekaboo-toe shoes seen at Y/Project and even the return of the thong heel that gave us a splayed, unapologetic toe cleavage moment. But a plastic shoe? Those truly give me the heebie-jeebies. It's like looking at the foot with clouded vision, in a very literal sense: They fog up from heat. In fact, plastic shoes act like their own transparent miniature ecosystems, with a perpetual film of condensation caused by perspiration film generated when bare feet get steamy. (And as science tells us, moisture and heat cause things to grow. Eeek.) Plastic shoes have become a festering joke on Instagram, too. The account @larslala by Lars Byrresen Petersen, which tracks the runway misfortunes of footwear, posted a burned-in-my-brain image of a sweaty $950 Yeezy Tubular boot with this witty but gross caption: When your shit don't stink, but your feet do. On the prettier end, Petersen's account is also the source of a plastic Chanel boot with a few roses cheekily spurting from the sole. It's a cute photo, but it also doesn't seem far from the trutha plant could, in all likelihood, flourish in there. It is as if the enclosed set-up is giving the toes a petri dish pedicure. And yet the plastic stompers are all the rage. Rihanna has gone out in the Off-White x Jimmy Choo collab, something that is reminiscent of a cool but airless, ziplock pump. Bella Hadid also loves a see-through heel moment, as does Kim Kardashian West. And most recently, Kristen Stewart stepped out in Chanel's adamantly chic clear boots at the Cannes Film Festival. My colleagues seem to agree about the woes of the plastic shoe, but more so on the comfort side. At the mere mention of PVC footwearclosed- or open-toethey were quick to share their blister-stricken stories. Vogue Fashion News Director Chioma Nnadi recalled a time when she trudged around the city in transparent kicks. It was maybe the hottest New York summer I've ever experienced, so you imagine what that meant for my poor feet in those wretched shoes. I still have scars, she says. And it's been 10 years. As for closed-toe versions? Those seem like a whole other level of suffocation. Just a few days ago, the aforementioned KKW posted an image of her feet pinched by plastic pumps that seemed so tight-fitting that they appeared to cut off circulation in some areas. Health professionals agree that the dangers of plastic footwear are realand, well, alive. According to Dr Rock Positano, director of the Non-surgical Foot and Ankle Service at Hospital for Special Surgery in New York, their lack of breathability is certainly a harmful factor. The foot by itself [without a sock] in a shoe, plastic or not, provides a perfect milieu for bacterial and fungal growth. It is moist, dark, and there is heat, says Positano. The combination of those three things make a foot inside a shoe a dangerous place. That's not including the fact that some people are allergic to plastic and may experience an allergic reaction, or rather, hot foota term that Positano uses to describe contact dermatitis, a skin irritation that can make the foot feel as if it is on fire. Another deterrent to wearing plastic shoes is the fact that they are so rigid. With a plastic shoe, you don't have flexibility. They are very, very hard. Feet naturally swell in the afternoon, so a person can go from a size 7 to a size 9, and plastic shoes don't expand with the foot, he says. A leather shoe, or a shoe that is made out of hide, has the ability to expand a little bit. Positano explains the squeeze-in effect of a plastic shoe as if someone is trying to fit 10 gallons of water into a five-gallon tank. Another factor to note, especially if the sole itself is made out of plastic, is the lack of shock absorption which, according to Positano, can lead to an array of issuesjoint and bone pain chief among themthat can affect other parts of the body like the knees and back. If you wear them in the wrong circumstances, you're going to have a major problem, says Positano. Let's face it, it's not a Cinderella shoe. It's the one way to not go to the prom. If you're still wanting to look like a PVC princess, think of it this way: The shoes are great for photo ops or cocktail hour (if you're being driven there, that is); less so for dancing all night or wandering around town. (Positano notes it's about wearing them in moderation.) But also, maybe consider a colourful sock when you choose to go clear. And for fog's sake, make it Heattech.
For Kareena Kapoor Khan and Sonam Kapoor-Ahuja, the rest of May is going to be exceptionally busy. Both actors joined Shikha Talsania and Swara Bhasker at Veere Di Wedding promotions last afternoon, while Diana Penty spread the word about her latest film Parmanu in camouflage trousers, and Aditi Rao Hydari made a case for printed pants at an event in Hyderabad. Among the few Bollywood ladies who went with Indian ethnic looks yesterday, Sonali Bendre stood out for choosing that yellow, green and blue Payal Khandwala sari, while Madhuri Dixit Nene went down the subtler route with a black version by Jade. Kareena Kapoor Khan wears a colour you're rarely seen her in before From bright sunny yellows to rich navy blues, Kareena Kapoor Khan has been showcasing a preference to strong colours this summer. Yesterday, the actor added yet another interesting hue to her repertoire at Veere Di Wedding's latest promotions. Spotted at Mumbai's Sun-N-Sand hotel, Kapoor Khan met the media last afternoon in a chocolate brown midi that was anything but basic. Created by African label Meena, the midi dress featured peek-a-boo panels on both sleeves, an unexpected cut on the waistline and layers of cascading fabric sewn onto the skirt. With all that going on in just one dress, Kapoor Khan kept the rest of her look fuss-free with strappy gold sandals and avoided any makeup. Sonam Kapoor-Ahuja gets comfortable in oversized separates Post her Veere Di Wedding outing of the day, newly-wed Sonam Kapoor-Ahuja joined husband Anand Ahuja for a dinner date last night in Mumbai. And if you've been looking for a white shirt that's comfortable enough to wear in the Mumbai heat, you can't miss her latest pick. For her night out, Kapoor-Ahuja picked an oversized version of the wardrobe classic, and wore her roomy shirt with tracks that were hiked up to her shins, showing off her bridal mehandi. The actor completed her off-duty look with black slip-ons and a matching black tote. Poker straight locks were her beauty pick. Swara Bhasker also picks a solid hue Sonam Kapoor-Ahuja wasn't the only star to favour ivory yesterday. While Disha Patani grabbed dinner in tiny white shorts last night, Shilpa Shetty Kundra brought in son Viaan Raj Kundra's birthday in a white mini, and Swara Bhasker chose an outfit in the classic colour for Veere Di Wedding promotions as well. Keeping her look simple, yet impactful, Bhasker picked an Andrea Iyamah dress featuring sculpted ruffles along the hemline, and worked the timeless black and white combo by picking ebony Miu Miu mules. The shoes featured metallic blooms on top, which added a touch of drama to her look. Missed what Diana Penty, Malaika Arora and Sonali Bendre wore yesterday? Catch up now.
Inclusivity has been Benetton's pitch long before fashion magazines started including stars of all races on their covers. I grew up with United Colors of Benetton in India, and what stayed with me, other than my woollen checked shirt (that I hope to pass down to my kids someday), were their stunning visualspeople of all ethnicities embracing, kissing; hearts that are identical, but for the race of the people they're from. While my eight-year-old self didn't understand the intricacies of racial politics and the underlying message behind the campaigns, the brand will always hold a special place for me because of these heartwarming images. Oliviero Toscani, the art director behind the controversial campaigns, was both applauded and criticised for the imagery. While some did see the message that the creative genius was driving, others were outraged. Toscani went as far as to draw platitudes in war, AIDS and natural disasters. You can't be secure and be creative. What does it mean to be provocative, anyway? Art has to be provocativeto provoke conversation, to provoke interest. Otherwise what the hell are you doing it for? If people criticise you, they are interested in you. So, it is an honour to be criticised, he told Vogue.co.uk in an interview. Toscani took a break from the job around the year 2000, only to return to the Italian brand after 17 years. This year, Benetton is celebrating 25 years in India. The brand first came to the country in 1992, and has since opened 800 stores here. Walk into one and the identity of a clothing label that's lending its customers an added dash of cool' by way of its convictions and messaging, still comes through strong. In the current times, when influencers are speaking up loud and clear against bigotry, gender normative terminology and gun laws, Benetton's campaigns hold up a mirror to society. I have found out that advertising is the richest and most powerful medium existing today, so I feel responsible to do more than to say, Our sweater is pretty,' Toscani once told The New York Times. Here's a look back at some of the most thought-provoking campaigns done by the United Colors of Benetton in the past.
At a baby shower I attended last evening, some of Mumbai's chicest young girls were all discussing one thingMeghan Markle's wedding dress. It's been three days since the royal wedding, but the debate over the newly crowned Duchess of Sussex's dress shows no signs of dying out; discussions like these are probably taking place in many living rooms and offices around the world. The room I was in was divided in its opinionsome felt it was just too simple, lacking the Cinderella story; others (taking off from singer Katy Perry, thought it needed another session of fittings), while another group thought it would go down in history books for its simple grace. But whichever way you look at it, the fact of the matter is that I can't remember when a dress (not even Duchess of Cambridge's Alexander McQueen wedding dress) was subject to so much conjecture. Markle's dress in questiona bateau neck with six exacting seams, and in double-bonded silk cady with a 16 feet long veil embroidered with the flowers of all 53 Commonwealth nationswas designed by Clare Waight Keller, the first woman to head the storied French fashion house, Givenchy. That was the first surprise. Like her sister-in-law, Markle opted to champion female talent (she wore Stella McCartney for her evening reception later). Keller, a Brit, who honed her skills at Chlo, Gucci and Pringle of Scotland, was not even on the fashion insiders' short list, which included Stella McCartney, Ralph & Russo and Erdem. But appointing Keller, who is known for her feminine, romantic aesthetic, seemed to be apt considering that this was, in many ways, the modern fairytaleone that had the Los-Angeles born, divorced protagonist walking down the aisle solo and bringing in various elements of her heritage to a centuries old traditional ceremony, not to mention doing away with the tradition fruit cake. The second surprise was the style. But was it really? For Markle, who in past interviews had referenced Carolyn Bessette Kennedy's Narciso Rodriguez slip dress as her dream wedding dress, and has always been photographed in classic clean lines, the dress wasn't that far from her aesthetic. But given this family alone (there was Diana's '80s style confection and then Kate Middleton's dramatic lace dress), her sleeker versionthat did away with any pearls, lace or embellishmentcame to many as an unexpected choice. And then there was the hair and makeup. My beauty editor was a fanshe loved that the freckles were not covered. Serge Normant, her hairstylist, has now given many interviews explaining the concept behind the messy bun that framed that stunning tiara, and her barely-there manicure. But that's where the beauty of her look liesin the fact that it showed that Markle is willing to carve her own path. Nods to tradition (the mid-length sleeves, the modest neckline, the covered shoulders), with a signature all her own. Exactly what we predict she is going to bring to the monarchy.
Shopping for bridal jewellery is no easy feat. It is easily one of the biggest expenses at a wedding, barring the venue and catering, of course. In our opinion, making sure that you find the right gems to go with your bridal outfit needs expert interventionyou're listening to a specialist for everything from your stars to your makeup anyway, so why make such a big investment without some help? We get jewellery designers and experts to tell you what you need to keep in mind. Jaipur-based designer Sunita Shekhawat debunks three common myths surrounding wedding jewellery 1. It should match your outfit: I firmly believe contrast is the best way to go when it comes to your wedding outfit and jewellery. The idea that the two have to match is outdated. 2. It should be traditional: It's not necessary to wear either traditional or modern jewellery. Since traditional motifs have found their way into modern design, you can do a mix of both. 3. It should be over the top: Less is more. Do not over-accessorise. To make a statement, accentuate one part of the body with a large piece and balance the rest with finer pieces. Kanav Khanna of Khanna Jewellers picks the perfect piece for a standout bridal look Crafted using the quintessential combination of emeralds and polki diamonds, this statement-making necklace takes up to three months to create and is perfect for the wedding day. Birdhichand Ghanshyamdas' creative director, Yash Agarwal tells us how to buy wedding jewellery pieces that make perfect heirlooms If you are collecting jewellery for your daughter or a close family member, these are the guidelines you should keep in mind. 1. Excellent workmanship is key: I selected this piece because it has been meticulously made by an expert craftsman. Several important heritage and regal techniques have been employed, including precious gemstones, pachi kaam and kundan jadau with neeth. 2. It should stand the test of time: While the piece should have an element of novelty, it should be such that it never goes out of style and only looks better with time. This story is a part of the Vogue Wedding Shopping Guide, a series that is a must read for every bride-to-be
While Sandra Bullock, Cate Blanchett and Anne Hathaway joined forces in New York last afternoon to talk about Ocean's 8, some of Bollywood's coolest female stars came together for movie promotions in Mumbai too. Kareena Kapoor Khan took to the stage yesterday, alongside Sonam Kapoor-Ahuja, Shikha Talsania and Swara Bhasker, for the music launch of their upcoming feature, Veere Di Wedding. And while the classic black and white colour palette won the votes of Aishwarya Rai Bachchan, Diana Penty and newly-wed Neha Dhupia, mom-to-be Mira Rajput Kapoor proved that a kurta is a maternity wardrobe must-have with her look. Scroll for all the details. Aishwarya Rai Bachchan gets experimental Whether she's enjoying an evening with family or jet setting around the globe, Aishwarya Rai Bachchan loves stepping out in all-black ensembles. But every once in a while, the actor likes to mix things up with her wardrobe. Yesterday, instead of picking only ebony separates, Rai Bachchan worked the classic black and white combination for a dinner date with daughter Aaradhya Bachchan. The actor opted for a balloon sleeved blouse that was printed with geometric designs and leafy patterns, and tucked it into a black velvet skirt featuring dramatic tassels at the hem. As for Aaradhya, the six-year-old picked a shimmering pink dress with glitter ballet flats and a matching sparkly headband. Kareena Kapoor Khan shows off her washboard abs yet again You'd have to be living under a rock to not have noticed that Kareena Kapoor Khan's wardrobe has been centred around showing off her beach-ready abs this summer. In the past few weeks alone, the actor has been seen ditching shirts for a bandeau under her pantsuit, and promoting Veere Di Wedding in that Pinnacle by Shruti Sancheti crop top. For her latest Veere Di Wedding outing, Kareena Kapoor Khan went bolder than she has all season, and stepped out in a black Shehlaa by Shehla Khan three-piece. The star paired her bralette with a sheer pencil skirt and topped off the risqu combination with a see-through floor-length jacket. Keeping with the colour scheme of her outfit, Kapoor Khan chose glossy black Louboutins and an intense smoky eye for the public appearance. Sonam Kapoor-Ahuja makes a strong case for velvet Aishwarya Rai Bachchan wasn't the only Bollywood star to show us how to make velvet work for summer yesterday. Always up for taking sartorial risks, newly-wed Sonam Kapoor-Ahuja's latest outfit was the perfect fashion lesson, if you've got a thing for the plush fabric. After promoting Veere Di Wedding in that floral Erdem number day before yesterday, Kapoor-Ahuja picked another outfit from the London-based label for her appearance last afternoon. This time, the actor chose a forest green ensemble that featured delicate silver embroidery, feminine peplum details and a double-layered skirt with thigh-high slits. A bold red lip and sleek low bun completed Kapoor-Ahuja's look. Missed Esha Gupta, Emilia Clarke and Katie Holmes's latest OOTDs? Catch up now.
Breezy silhouettes for summer are about as groundbreaking as florals for spring, but you already knew that. With your knitwear and heavy layers safely tucked away to hibernate until the end of the year, it is time to bring out the flowy dresses. And if you thought that your options were restricted to chiffon and georgette, you'd be woefully wrong. Silk is emerging as the choice du jour to keep your style cred high during this monstrous heat, with an array of fun accoutrements in towincluding ruffles and flirty hemlines. Say goodbye to shapeless midi dresses, and welcome form-flattering drapes and cutouts for the season. White is an absolute no-brainer for this weather, and you'll find a worthy candidate for your summer night outs in Michael Lo Sordo's cold-shoulder midi dress, which ticks off multiple trends at once. If you've been conscientiously steering away from black due to the heat, allow silk gowns to play your saviour and guide. Lanvin's monochrome asymmetrical number has the last word on minimalist chic, while Fendi's crosshatch silk cape dress with peekaboo cutouts is your no-muss, no-fuss way to a winning date night outfit. There's always space for something sheer in your wardrobeAlexander McQueen's nifty skirt dress will give you something to twirl about in without weighing your frame down with multiple layers. Likewise, slip dresses are another fail-safe wardrobe staple for the balmy weather outdoors, and Dolce & Gabbana's flirty number is perfect for summery nights; it can be easily styled under a lightweight jacket for aprs-hours too. With the right accessories, you'll find that a shirtdress is the best nominee in your closet for desk-to-drinks dutiesElie Saab's jade green ensemble is a trusty bet to scoring AM to PM brownie points on the weekdays. Browse through the gallery below for all the silk dresses you won't be able to resist having in your closet for these hot summer nightsowning them is just a click away.
Messy buns, distressed denim, crossbody bagsMeghan Markle has broken many a royal rule in the days preceding her nuptials. But at her first public appearance since the big day, Markle was seen sporting understated hues, a slicked back bun and a pair of the much-talked-about nude tights, which probably warrant a Wikipedia page of their own. The look, in line with the Palace's prescribed dress code, has left us wondering if she will still be as fearless when it comes to parting with precedent, now that she has officially made the transition from television to real life royalty. Sartorial or otherwise, what are the rules the Duchess of Sussex needs to abide by? For us commoners, here's a cheat sheet. Nail files The mandate on manicures? Sheer and simple. At the wedding, Markle wore Essie's Ballet Slippersa pale pink hue that has been a firm favourite with The Queen for nearly 28 years now. Thank you to everyone in Windsor and beyond for making today so special. It was an incredible day! #royalwedding Great lengths There's no skirting this issue. For the former Suits star, the directive on hemlines is strictly below the knee. Taking flight Marrying into the royal family has scored Markle some new travel companions. From her honeymoon to any upcoming royal tours, she will now be accompanied by a bevy of security guards wherever she goes. No selfies please The once lifestyle blogger is no longer permitted to take selfies, or have a social media presence. Take cover Will the new royal bid farewell to bare legs in favour of The Queen's protocol on pantyhose? We did see her in nude ones at her latest outing, but only future appearances will tell if that was an exception or the rule. Hat tricks As she steadily builds her collection of hats (now a staple in the Duchess of Sussex's day wardrobe) there's one rule to keep in mindnot too large or loud. All loved-up Since the couple went public at the Invictus Games, they haven't shied away from a little PDAthis is rare with royalty. Prince William and Kate Middleton are hardly ever seen holding hands at public outings. No strings attached Remember the iconic number from Scottish label Strathberry which sold out in 11 minutes flat, or that tan Chlo Pixie bag? Here's hoping Markle doesn't trade in her top handles for the customary clutch.
Haute couture and gourmet cuisinetwo distinct paragons of art with a devoted following of their own. It should come as little surprise that designers Shantanu and Nikhil Mehra, who are credited for always pushing the envelope, have chosen to bring the two together with their new collaboration, Journey of Couture to Cuisine. The designer duo's latest project has them teaming up with a slew of reputed chefs from around the country, including chef Manish Mehrotra of Indian Accent, chef Sahil Nayyar of Pa Pa Ya, chef Dhruv Oberoi of Olive Bar & Kitchen, chef Lokesh of CAARA and chef Bani of Miam Patisserie. Given the creativity and visual impact that both disciplines function on, extending their language of expression from high-fashion outfits to gourmet dishes came as a natural progression for the designers. We have always worked on nostalgically reinventing Indian history through the art of the cloth and instead, this time, food, flavours, age-old Indian spices, ingredients and plating gave us a new way of depicting modern India. Couture and cuisine play an integral part of the celebratory aspect of our weddings, and this concept is tailor made for today's millennial brides and grooms. Every ensemble and delicacy narrates ceremonial values to help the couple choose the perfect silhouette and flavours for each occasion, says Shantanu. Along the way, the designer duo picked up on the striking similarities that both the fields possess. It is uncanny how the food fraternity chooses their dishes based on Pantone shades and fashion nuances. The chefs we have collaborated with believe that food serves the soul not only through the palate, but also through the eyes. Aesthetics in food need to be in cognisance with the flavour, aroma, and presentationjust as how the design values of an outfit correspond with the fit, design values, cuts and drapes. The collaboration of the two worlds proved to be very similar in the context of design, precision, layout, texture and colour tones, he elaborates. Vogue spoke to Shantanu Mehra about their latest collaboration. Scroll through our slideshow for all the details.
Kareena Kapoor Khan and Sonam Kapoor-Ahuja are on a sartorial roll these days. Yesterday, the actors came together once again to promote Veere Di Wedding, and while Kapoor Khan looked sharp in a two-toned denim pantsuit, Kapoor-Ahuja channeled a summery vibe in pink Payal Pratap separates. For Karisma Kapoor, however, the classic black and white palette was the pick of the day at Mumbai airport, and Khushi Kapoor boarded her flight in a breezy floral dress. Another star who favoured florals yesterday was Madhuri Dixit Nene, with a simple summery kurta. Missed what everyone wore? Catch up now. Khushi Kapoor wears the perfect summer ensemble Each summer, the world falls in love with vibrant hues and fun prints, and this season is no different. But if you're not sure how to work the two trends into your wardrobe this year, take cues from Khushi Kapoor's latest OOTD. Seen at the Mumbai airport yesterday, Kapoor boarded her flight out of the city in a breezy tangerine midi dress that came dotted with tiny yellow and white flowers. The strappy fit-and-flare outfit makes the ideal pick for a hot day in the city, and a cosy hoodie like Khushi Kapoor's is perfect for those of you who tend to feel cold in the air-conditioned indoors. Silver Kolhapuris and a black sling completed her off-duty look. Karisma Kapoor sticks with a classic combo No matter where you go, a simple black and white ensemble always works. Just day before, Aishwarya Rai Bachchan showed the world how to wear the colour palette for a special dinner outing, and yesterday, Karisma Kapoor gave us all a lesson in acing the combo on a day off. For her latest travels, Kapoor entered Mumbai's international terminal in a simple white T-shirt tucked into ebony joggers, and layered with a sleeveless black jacket. Keeping with the colour scheme, Karisma Kapoor carried a glossy black tote for her flight, stayed comfortable in white sneakers, and finished out her look with oversized black sunnies. The only pop of colour in her look: bold scarlet lips. Madhuri Dixit Nene proves that a kurta is always a good idea Just like Sonam Kapoor-Ahuja and Khushi Kapoor, Madhuri Dixit Nene favoured pretty florals yesterday. But while the Kapoor cousins picked dresses and skirts, Dixit Nene, like Sara Ali Khan, opted for an Indian ethnic look for her latest public appearance. Busy promoting her next film, Bucket List, Madhuri Dixit Nene stepped out last afternoon in an Anita Dongre kurta set completely patterned with intricate flowers. The pastel full-sleeved outfit was worn with a matching pink and green dupatta, and Dixit Nene completed the look with silver Lara Morakhia earrings. Didn't get a chance to see what Katrina Kaif, Athiya Shetty and Kareena Kapoor Khan wore yesterday? Take a peek via our slideshow.
Teaming her printed Zara dress with a fringe Balenciaga bag, Huma was photographed as she was exiting the local airport. Side-swept hair, gold-toned jewelry and minimalist black sandals rounded out the look well. The fringe bag isn't my thing, but that's a question of personal preference. Huma looked nice! P.S: Shop the fringe Balenciaga here. Huma Qureshi Photo Credit: Viral Bhayani
Chokers, velour tracksuits, bum bags'90s revival style are something of a dare. How brave are you to bring to life an article of clothing or an accessory that is so distinctly ensconced in the past? The answer lies in your confidence, of course. Can you bring back the workout/vacation staple of your youth and risk looking dated in present day? The fashion world certainly seems to be in favourspring/summer 2018 runways introduced the forsaken style of bike shorts back in our lives. Dolce & Gabbana went with the basic black bike vibe, as did Dion Lee, while Y/Project chose denim with bold cutouts. Things got even more risqu at Saint Laurent, where creative director Anthony Vaccarello sent lace bike shorts down the ramp. Too much for a casual date night but too little for a formal party? You decide. Chlo's just-below-the-knee version is definitely the easiest to take on. But even then, who really wears bike shorts? Let's take a look at those who follow the try-everything-once policy. Kim Kardashian West was the first to step out in storm grey bike shorts when she was in Japan, showcasing pieces from the Yeezy 7 collection. Model Sarah Snyder followed her lead. And Bella Hadid, whose style choices have included crochet pants in the past, wore a pair of silver spandex bike shorts at Cannes. Then there's Leandra Medine, founder of Manrepller.com, who gladly embraced the awkward length of the subject in question. I like Bermuda shorts because of the non-committal nature of their identity, despite their name. Some days they just wanna be short pants, other days they're long shorts, and that is totally OK, she wrote. None of this answers the question of whether you need to try the trend at all. Bike shorts are functional by nature, and they're also weather appropriate for the summers. The spandex variety might not fall in line with your aesthetic, but the denim ones can surely bring ease to the experimentation. Just pair yours with an oversized shirt and heels to add a touch of sharpness to your look. Inspired? Scroll through the slideshow below to shop online from our edit.
When Kareena Kapoor Khan isn't busy at work, the star likes to keep her outfits easy breezy. Yesterday, the actor promoted her upcoming film in denim separates by John Galliano for Dior, and as soon as she was done, changed into a dress that is ideal for the sweltering Mumbai afternoons. After being seen in that mango yellow Masaba maxi earlier this year, Kareena Kapoor Khan opted for a lime green maxi yesterday. The simple halter dress featured a grass green piping along the neckline, and was worn with comfortable gold juttis. Joining Kapoor Khan for her time off yesterday was son Taimur Ali Khan Pataudi. Dressed in royal blue, just like his sister Sara Ali Khan, little Taimur wore his printed shirt with smart beige shorts and black slip-on shoes.
Summers make you want to rush to the beach with a martini in hand. And at an Instagram-worthy setting like that, there's little you could ask for, except maybe a fantastic swimsuit that makes you look as great as you feel. Whether you're planning a getaway with your girlfriends, or have booked tickets for a romantic summertime vacation with your significant other, there is no better time to buy that swimsuit you've been eyeing online. But if you're still unsure about which one to add to your cart, let your favourite celebrities guide you. A classic black number remains a favourite with everybody, from Lisa Haydon to Bella Hadid. While Shilpa Shetty Kundra and Nargis Fakhri prefer theirs with mesh details, Karisma Kapoor likes her bikini bottoms high waisted, with a lace up bikini top, and pink remains a favourite with the Kardashians. Disha Patani's Insta feed is brimming with envy-worthy swimsuit shots, all in various styles, as is Jacqueline Fernandez'sfrom high-cut backless monokinis to classic bikinis, the two have tried them all. Whether you want to go risque or take a more modest approach, we have options for everyone. Pick from cut-out one piece swimsuits, high-waist bikini bottoms and bright bandeau styles, and everything in between. Scroll through our edit of the best swimsuits to invest in this season, and click on the link to shop for them online right now.
Think of Madhuri Dixit Nene's swirling lehengas in Devdas (2002) or Aishwarya Rai Bachchan's in Jodhaa Akbar (2008), and you'll notice how some costumes live on as visuals in the minds of a collective, and stand true to the test of time. Grandeur might be the common thread between these two examples, but it is the research and detail involved in their making that make them memorable and iconic. Clothes may not make the actor, but they certainly create the character. To delve further into art of costume making, the Italian Embassy Cultural Centre in Mumbai, Avid Learning and Vogue India are getting together to host Cine Couture: Costuming for the Camera' this evening in Mumbai. On the panel are veteran designer and National Award winner Neeta Lulla, Vogue India editor-in-chief Priya Tanna, and award-winning Italian costume designer, Daniela Ciancio. Lulla, who is currently working on upcoming features Manikarnika: The Queen of Jhansi (2018) and Panipat (2019), explained the nature of her role as a costume designer. A designer's work exists to actualise the screenplay, define the people and the places, [and create] a marriage of concept and imagery. That's why costume designers are called the language of film design. Lulla further went on to describe the nature of her job. The substance of costume design isn't just the designing of original garments, but creating multiple masterpieces from scratch to compliment the sensibilities of not just one person, but a cast and crew of over 5,000 people. We support the narrative by creating authentic characters, and provide balance within the frame by using colour, texture and silhouette to paint each frame of the film, she explained. Priya Tanna, a champion of the visual arts and silver screen addict, brings in the perspective of a connoisseur and a fashion industry insider to the table. The history of film showcases the role that costumes have played in translating the director's visionfrom the couture-laden world of Phantom Thread to the colour-coded confectionery themes of Wes Anderson's The Grand Budapest Hotel, or even the biopic Gandhi, costumes are as effective in creating fantasy as depicting the ethos of a time. In fact, it's hard to imagine films like Sabrina and Memoirs of a Geisha without recalling their costumes, [which were] as alive and crucial as the characters themselves, she says. The talk will touch on themes like Costumes as cinematic device' and Research + Process + Technicals'. This panel will be the closing event for the first edition of Fare Cinema, the International Week of Italian Cinemaa concerted programme which the Italian Ministry of Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation (MAECI) has launched to promote Italian quality film production in countries all over the world.
Cruise shows warrant travel. Highlighting the savoir-faire of the design house is essential to luxury brands who spend enormous budgets in transporting the audience to locations that best describe the mood of the season. The Dior cruise 2019 show will take place at the historical Domaine de Chantilly, a historic chteaux in the town of Chantilly in France. Judging by the videos posted on the brands Instagram feed, horses seem to play a key roll in the inspiration behind the collection. Will cruise 2019 at Dior take on an tough equestrian touch or will creative director Maria Grazia Chiuri treat us to diaphanous looks in the famed Chantilly lace? Watch the show live with us to find out.
For one season only, Gucci is decamping from Milan to Paris Fashion Week. The Italian fashion house will present its spring/summer 2019 collection in the French capital on September 24, in what will be the finale of Alessandro Michele's three-part homage to France. Gucci is a global brand with deep and vibrant Italian roots and a visionary French shareholder, Kering, Marco Bizzarri, president and chief executive officer of Gucci told WWD. When Alessandro told me of his desire to present the new collection in Pariscontinuing the French-inspired narrativeI thought it was a perfect way to continue the creative homage to France. Before then, Gucci will hold its cruise 2019 fashion show on May 30 on the Promenade Des Alyscamps, a Roman necropolis outside the walls of the old town of Arles. After cruising New York, London and Florence, France was the most natural and organic landing place for Gucci, Michele commented. I wanted to pay my homage to this incredibly important and fundamental country for our culture and history. His love letter to France began with his pre-fall 2018 advertising campaign, which took inspiration from the 1968 marches and riots in the country. The news follows a series of fashion week shifts, including the announcement that Vivienne Westwood's spring summer 2019 collection will be shown during London Fashion Week in September, instead of June.
Most swimwear labels today rely on fabrics like nylon-lycra blends and polyester for their wares. The main element of these conventional fabrics is plastic which, as we all know, is a top member of the non-biodegradable clan. For decades now, the fashion industry has been a major contributor to growing pollution levels, mainly because of the waste generated due to mass production, and the carbon footprint that is left behind as a result. Due to the harsh reality of climate change and innumerable environmental problems that we live in, the league of sustainable fashion labels has been on a rise. Take swimwear for examplemost earth-friendly swimwear labels still use nylon and polyester. However, unlike most labels that choose virgin nylon fibres, sustainable labels invest in recycled nylon fibres (from fishing nets, plastic bottles and other waste). Go through the slideshow below for our edit of 10 swimwear labels to invest in this seasonthey're all serving summer style with more than a hint of eco-consciousness.
With summer reaching its peak right now, Bollywood's favourite stars have been ditching warm ensembles for easier silhouettes and higher hemlines. While Deepika Padukone showed off her envy-worthy legs in black shorts this weekend, Karisma Kapoor picked a series of airy dresses and Sonam Kapoor-Ahuja traded in her traditional saris for a cropped version of the Indian staple. And that's not all. This weekend, Kareena Kapoor Khan returned to her trusty kurta sets, Malaika Arora caught a flight out of Mumbai in a checkered summer dress and Sonakshi Sinha proved that off-shoulder blouses are still a trend to favour. Catch up on some of their coolest looks from the weekend now. Did you miss what Madhuri Dixit Nene, Ananya Panday and Malaika Arora wore this weekend? Catch up here.
Luxury giants are busy highlighting their cruise collections at some of the most stunning venues in Europe currently, enchanting their audience to fall even more in love with what they have on offer. French fashion house Louis Vuitton is next on this list, and will be showcasing their cruise 2019 show at the Fondation Maeght, a modern art museum in the south of France that houses works by artists such as Marc Chagall, Joan Mir and Wassily Kandinsky. As of right now, the labels Instagram handle is sharing videos from the iconic museum, as well as from the medieval township of Saint-Paul de Vence, giving the audience a glimpse of what they can look forward to. A decal of an illustrated cat catching a mouse is further adding to the mystery of what can be expected from creative director Nicolas Ghesquire this season. Intrigued? Catch Louis Vuittons Cruise 2019 show live, here.
Currently, Swedish retail giant H&M is gearing up for the release of their first Pride collection, set to launch on May 31. This is H&M's first attempt at creating a capsule collection dedicated to the LGBTQ+ community, and will be releasing it right in time for Pride month, which starts on June 1. H&M believes in everybody's right to love who they want. We hope people can use H&M's Pride collection to celebrate their belief in equal love, Andreas Lowenstam, H&M's head of menswear design told WWD. The capsule collection is largely inspired by the '70s, and includes brightly coloured T-shirts, crop tops, sequinned shorts and empowering slogan sweatshirts. It also heavily incorporates prismatic colours, which have become synonymous with the LGBTQ+ community. In addition to the collection, H&M has also partnered with Out, an LGBT fashion, entertainment and lifestyle magazine, to launch a campaign titled Pride Out Loud, featuring influencers such as Kim Petras, Gabrielle Richardson and Shaun Rossthe campaign will launch on May 31 too and the images will be showcased on departmental store windows as well as online, along with a series of videos produced by the lifestyle publication. H&M's focus on promoting equality is not new; the retailer has always prided itself on offering fashion for everyone. Equality, diversity and inclusivity have been deeply rooted in our values for a long time, explained H&M spokesperson Emily Scarlett. The collection will be available at select stores in the US, but can also be found online globally
Intellectualised by Italian philosopher Umberto Eco and sewn into song by David Bowie and Lana Del Rey, jeans have long been lauded. Ever since Lady Levi's first came into play in 1935, with Vogue introducing them as true Western chic, denim has danced with gusto throughout the decades. It's a fair assumption that when the cotton T-shirt first laid eyes on blue denim, she too thought, marriage material. And so the classic collaboration of cosy tee and lived-in jean has faithfully lived out a practical partnership built on comfort and camaraderie. From Lorde to the First Lady, Lauryn Hill to Lauren Hutton, everyone can wear a T-shirt and jeans. That's why the ensemble has stuck around so long: it's the social fabric that glues us all together. Worn onstage for relatability, and off-duty behind the silver screen, the authentic jeans/tee combo has always been championed by icons of the era. In the '40s it was Elizabeth Taylor, before Brigitte Bardot took up the baton in Bretons and cropped denim; Jacqueline Kennedy's secret street style in the '70s; and Jane Birkin in bell-bottoms and cap sleeves from Cannes to Cap Ferrat. While Elton John serenaded his Blue jean baby in 1971, The Runaways and Debbie Harryall feathered hair, fierce tees and flareswere re-energising '70s denim on a new platform. The '80s saw material girl Madonna ripping off James Dean in Rebel Without a Cause (1955) in leather jacket, T-shirt and ripped blue jeans. Then came the rebels with a cause: Thelma And Louise (1991)fugitives fuelling the look with Cuban heels. As the supers slipped into their Calvins, the big screen got realthink gritty pictures on city streetswith oversized T-shirts and boyfriend jeans, as seen on the cast of cult films Kids (1995) and Reality Bites (1994). And with the current resurgence of little red labels, storytelling tees and monogrammed designer denim, the timeless jeans and T-shirt combo has never been more fitting. See the sartorial evolution of the enduring classic in pictorial form here.
If you fail to see the value in buying expensive jewellery each time there's an occasion to attend, opt for costume jewellery instead, which is lighter on the wallet by a wide margin. Look for pieces that can be paired with fine jewellery to add more flair to your ensembles be it party or just to go to the office. Add a finishing touch to your wardrobe choices and accessorise your outfits with these budget-friendly options. Give the choker a rest and chose multi-strand necklaces for a softer approach. Meanwhile, tassel earrings are having a moment too. Go bold with colour and beads or play with pastels in this department. Add a geometric cuff or a studded bangle to your look, to prevent your arms from looking too bare. Choose stacked rings that are even perfect for everyday wear. While it's essential to match metals in fine jewellery, you can go rouge with your costume pieces. From dainty crystal earrings to chunky neckpieces, our edit encompasses some of the best budget jewellery to shop from. What are you waiting for? Click on the links to buy them now.
Veere Di Wedding promotions have got Kareena Kapoor Khan and Sonam Kapoor-Ahuja's calendars filled with promotional outings. Yesterday, Kapoor Khan talked about the film in a creamy-hued Tarun Tahiliani ensemble, and Kapoor-Ahuja joined her wearing a lilac kurta, paired with monsoon-ready cropped pants. As the day progressed, Deepika Padukone was seen in a Burberry trench at Mumbai airport, while Malaika Arora was spotted in an ivory maxi for her latest travels. And just like Kapoor-Ahuja, Kangana Ranaut and Sonali Bendre went down the pastel route with their Indian ethnic looks too. Catch up on everything that Bollywood wore yesterday below. Missed Lady Gaga, Queen Rani and Neha Dhupia's latest outfits? Take a closer look via our slideshow below.
A quick Google search of Amal Clooney will show you a bevy of articles discussing and decoding her style. Recent events like the Met Gala and the royal wedding, which were two of most photographed occasions this month, highlighted her personal sartorial statements through numerous paparazzi shots (there were even a bunch of tweets making rounds about how the Clooneys are planning a heist at the wedding, much like the Oceans series). Her red carpets looks are always stunning, with an aura of elegance and confidence. She was her own version of royalty in a yellow Stella McCartney dress at Windsor and chose a floor-length Richard Quinn number with trousers for the Met. Amidst all the photos and articles lies one undeniable trutheverybody loves Amal Clooney. It was her marriage to the 57-year-old actor George Clooney that pushed her into limelight, and she fit right in, while maintaining an easy nonchalance to the fame she gained through her marriage. What makes her doubly attractive is her incredible life off the red carpets. The international human rights lawyer, she is a well-established barrister, and was part of a three-member UN committee. She fights for refugees and against ISIS, and makes memorable speeches at the UN. In a lot of ways, she's someone who can be considered to be a great role model, owing her own professional success, as well the ease with which she holds herself in front of the cameras. She's an intelligent women in incredible clothesa niche she carved for herself. So what makes her a fashion icon? In a millennial-frenzy world where social media is the adrenaline we all thrive on, where does Amal Clooney fit in amongst the Hadids and the Kardashians? While a fashion icon is usually someone whose style is considered to be an embodiment of the cultural zeitgeist, it is also someone whose style is timeless. And Clooney definitely belongs in the latter category's hall of fame. Scroll through the slideshow below for a quick glance at all the times Amal Clooney stunned fans with her sartorial choices.
What's not to love about destination weddings? Or shall we say an all-expenses-paid-holiday-meets-three-days-of-festivities, more often than not in an exotic locale? While any wedding backdrop is a welcome excuse to pack your bags, there is no rivalling the charm of a centuries-old palace for a serious taste of royal living. Once the tickets have been booked, the all-important task of planning the wardrobe commences. The wedding location always plays a key role in determining the outfits. What will work for a beachside wedding in Bali will not cut it at a swanky palace setting in Udaipur. Save those distressed sartorial SOS calls to your bestie, and let Vogue's packing guide serve as the checklist you were looking for. The clothes If you're going to twirl against the palace facade, it better be in your grandest garb. A palace wedding is the best time to bring out all your glorious traditional finery. The bride found Prince Charming, so you are allowed to call dibs on #BelleOfTheBall vibes. Use all those Indo-western ensembles at the pre-wedding parties before you jet off for the actual wedding. Lehengas should make up the chief part of your wardrobe. A luxurious pick in a heritage weave like Benarasi or Paithani is a must. A vibrant gota patti or mukaish work lehenga will not be amiss either. Play with your blouses to keep any traces of monotony at baygo with off-shoulder or cold shoulders necklines, floor-skimming jackets, crop tops, corsets and capes. Voluminous anarkalis with ornate dupattas will also do your bidding. The accessories While the tiara is optional, bling that is fit for a queen, is not. Think uncut diamonds, jadau and temple jewellery. But your grandmother's basra pearl set may not be the wisest choice if you're travelling overseas. Turn to destination wedding-friendly jewellery brands instead, like Outhouse, Suhani Pittie, Eina Ahluwalia, Amrapali, Prerto and Ritika Sachdeva among others, that will do the job just as well. Be sure to mix it upif you're wearing statement earrings and a maang tikka for one function, switch your look and choose layered necklaces with solitaire studs for another. There isn't a better playground for a more is more' repertoire than this one. Juttis and kolhapuris promise to complement your outfits. Prioritise comfort, so that you can navigate those never-ending palace hallways and gardens with ease. And while a polti bag matching your lehenga fabric isn't particularly recommended, consider us on board for that crystal-studded minaudire. Depending on the season, add ingenious touches to your outfitfor instance, an exquisite pashmina shawl for a winter wedding will help you stay warm in style. The functions Designer tracksuits aren't the go-to airport attire for this occasion. Take off and land in stylea smart asymmetrical tunic worn with leggings and an oversized tote will look infinitely better with the garland and tikka that the palace welcome wagon is sure to greet you with. Go flirty for the mehendi with flared palazzos, a crop top and a flimsy jacket cape, topped off with traffic-stopping earrings. Opt for a contemporary lehenga set with an off shoulder blouse for the sangeetdon't hold back on the ruffles, feathers, sequins, tassels and diamonds. Then do a 180 for the reception in a Benarasi lehenga with an embroidered blouse, and pair a jadau set with a traditional sari for the pheras. Save the sex appeal for the cocktail party, where it's only appropriate to take that slinky gown with a thigh high slit for a spin. A chikankari anarkali with a Patola dupatta, or dhoti pants with a peplum top set, will do your bidding for pre-wedding lunches and high teas. Vogue tips  The only possible downer, apart from delayed flights, is stingy baggage allowances. So pack smart (and as light as you possibly can). One emergency outfit will suffice, no matter what the anxious voice in your head is telling you.  Limiting accessories is an easy way to stay within your designated 30 kilos. You don't necessarily need different footwear and handbags for every function. Neutral metallic-hued options that enable mixing-and-matching will do the job better.  Chances are, your mother/BFF/sister is going to be at this wedding too. Pool your resources and pack accessories that you can share. If she's carrying the curling tongs, you pack the portable steam iron. Scroll through the slideshow below for our edit of the wedding wear that should make it to your travel suitcase. Like something? Click to buy it online now. This story is a part of the Vogue Wedding Shopping Guide, a series that is a must read for every bride-to-be
I've known Janhvi since she was little, and my relationship with the family goes back decades. Her mother, the iconic Sridevi (who I have long been a fan of), had starred in my father Yash Johar's Gumrah, in the early '90s. And her father, like mine, was a producer. I distinctly remember waiting with my dad and Janhvi's father, Boney, for a meeting with the star (this was before they were married) so she could give us dates. Cut to many years later, I'm about to launch her daughter's career with Dhadak. It's funny how life turns out. That memory comes back to me today. I'm sitting across from Janhvi: a poised young woman, her face scrubbed clean (ah, the perks of youth!), dressed in a lemon-yellow Anita Dongre kurta. She's happily polishing off a bowl of healthy mango ice cream (her current obsession) as we talk. I'm interviewing her for her first-ever cover for Vogue, but as we chat I realise she's a pro, handling herself with a maturity that belies her age. It's both heart-breaking and endearing that she talks about her mother constantly (She was all excited to attend my Vogue cover shoot; that was one day I really missed her). We talk for what seems like hours, in a conversation that veers from Charles Bukowski (I think people would be surprised to hear I write poetry) to her upcoming holiday (Weall of dad's kidsare going to Cannes and London). Kapoor's answers are not what you would expect. She is not what you expect. And this is just the beginning of her story. Excerpts from our conversation: Karan Johar: You grew up in the industry. But, somehow, I felt you were more connected with US Weekly than Filmfare. Was that a conscious effort by your mother? Janhvi Kapoor: She never wanted me to be an actress. KJ: Why is that? That's unusual. JK: She was more relaxed about Khushi getting into films. She thought I was nave, that I wasn't thick-skinned enough. She wanted us to live a more relaxed life. She loved what she did but you know it was intense. KJ: She was very protective. I remember a funny story about when she left you in LA for an acting course? JK: (laughs) Oh yeah. She said, Phool ko kichad mein chhod kar chali ja rahi hu main! (I'm leaving my little flower in the muck). In the wild, wild west. I think it's cool to be nave. It takes a certain amount of courage to not be pessimistic. I'd like to believe there is good in everyone. KJ: What was life like for you growing up? JK: My attendance in school was 30 per cent. I was always travelling with my parents. My education was on the sets. I would do well in history and English but beyond that I just about passed. After I finished school I wanted to do a bunch of coursesart history in Florence, fashion in London and acting in Los Angeles. So I started with acting, and soon I knew this is it, this is what I need to do. KJ: Your mom started working when she was four years old. Do you know all her stories? JK: Those were my bedtime stories. Her whacked-out experiences. You know, in the '80s and '90s, when actors would do multiple shifts working simultaneously on different films? So she was doing three movies with the same director, who was also the actor. They were in Ooty and he decided to shoot songs for all three films together. He'd do a scene, then cut and walk to the next location and the entire cast and crew would follow. At one point, he does a shot, starts walking and, suddenly, he's behind a tree taking a piss, and the entire cast and crew is there, watching. He was just walking, and everyone assumed they were going to the next location! Mum was in all the films, and she'd figure out which film they were shooting for by his wigs, which would change for each role. KJ: I get extremely emotional when I see that after her passing the family has actually come together. JK: It's made us feel safe and secure. I think, even for Papa, it's a source of comfort. It's definitely tied us together. We've lost mom and I don't think that's a loss any of us will ever get over. KJ: I know that in your deepest, weakest moments you kept saying, I want to work because I want to want to do this for my mother. JK: That's always been my motivation. I'm so proud of my parents. I need to make them as proud of me. KJ: You're debuting in 2018 but you've been in the limelight for three years. Every time you visit the gym or a restaurant, the paparazzi has it. JK: It's flattering than anyone would care what I look like after the gym. I feel like I haven't done anything to earn that attention, so I don't know how to react. Should I smile and wave because they've been waiting and it's courteous? Or should I hide because I'm sweaty? KJ: Your mum always looked perfect. You and Khushi are teen fashionistas and, unknowingly, you're setting trends. JK: I think other than films this is something that we have bonded over. We love clothes and are roughly the same size. We enjoy dressing up. Papa would call us three women on a mission when we shopped. He's always been very into our lookhe'd approve them or make us change. And all of those photos of mom and me before events? He clicked them! KJ: He's a closet fashionista. Do you feel a void, that you can't turn to your mum now? JK: Of course. I could always be the baby with her. When I'd wake up, the first thing I'd do was ask for her. I'd need her to put me to sleep sometimes and she literally had to feed me. The day before she left for the wedding, I had to shoot, but I couldn't sleep, so I was like, I need you to come and put me to sleep. But she was packing, so by the time she came to me I was half asleep. But I could feel her patting my head. KJ: Do you feel more maternal with Khushi now? JK: I've always been very bad at that. Khushi is very maternal with me. I am a full baby. She takes care of me. Now she comes and puts me to sleep sometimes. KJ: Your mum saw 25 minutes of the footage from Dhadak before she passed. What did she say to you? JK: She was very technical about it. The first thing she told me was the things I needed to improveshe felt the mascara was smudged and it really bothered her. The second half has to be different, she told me, You can't wear anything on your face. That's all she told me but she was happy. With inputs from Priyanka Khanna Read the complete interview in Vogue India's June 2018 issue that hits stands on June 1, 2018 On Janhvi: Blouse with necktie, gilet, Bionic' earrings; all Louis Vuitton. Necklace, rings; all Kaj Fine Jewellery Photographed by Prasad Naik. Styled by Priyanka Kapadia Hair: Yianni Tsapatori/ Faze Management. Make-up: Subhash Vagal. Creative direction: Heidi Volpe. Production: Divya Jagwani; Imran Khatri Productions. Photographer's assistants: Anand Wahane; Akshay Sabale. Make-up assistant: Harshal Jariwala. Editorial assistant: Janine Dubash. Location courtesy: Dome, InterContinental Hotel, Mumbai.
There's no better time than right now to pull out your favourite summer prints. Yesterday, Kareena Kapoor Khan spent her afternoon in a bold polka dotted number by Michael Kors, while Jacqueline Fernandez stepped out for dinner in a pretty floral midi. Malaika Arora opted for a leafy patterned playsuit and Sonam Kapoor-Ahuja promoted Veere Di Wedding in an airy maxi that was dotted with little flowers. Among the few faces to skip on prints yesterday were Riddhima Kapoor Sahni and Alia Bhatt, who were both seen in denims. Take a closer look at everyone's OOTDs below. Did you miss Swara Bhasker, Diana Penty and Malaika Arora's latest ensembles? Catch up now.
The month of Ramzan is ongoing, which means your social calendar, like ours, may be brimming with multiple Iftaar parties. Whether you're breaking the fast with the most delicious food or spending time with close friends and family, these weeks are sure to be filled with social commitments. Don't let your sartorial game slip during the season, even if the scorching temperatures are urging you to do so. Instead, invest in fabrics like cotton and silk to make sure that you're comfortable through the traditionally late Iftaar parties. If you are keen on florals, there is a plethora of options to choose from. Pick Debyani's grey anarkali or invest in Kora's peachy numberboth feature beautifully intricate floral embroidery. Alternatively, go for NS by Nakul Sen's sequinned kurta and sharara set to ensure that you have all eyes on you, even without the flower power. Want something more casual? The printed asymmetric kurta and pants set by Rahul Mishra is the one for you. Pastels are a big trend this season too. Invest in Plumtin's kurta set, or Saumya and Bhavini Modi's pristine number, to channel the trend perfectly. Accessorise your look with a pair of jhumka earrings and matching juttis, and you're good to go. From floor-grazing anarkalis to pretty cotton kurtas, these are the kurtas, anarkalis and sharara sets you need in your Iftaar party wardrobes.
I have to admit I thrive on the duality of being a Gemini, says artist-turned-designer Payal Khandwala. I love that I enjoy the dichotomies in all things, be it in people, in situations, in clothes. I don't like too much of one thing. I find that being able to be adaptable allows me to appreciate what makes life more layered and complex. Geminis have a bad rep for their indecisiveness, but Khandwala is turning that notion around on its head. The designer has launched a collection of reversible saris called Gemini', which borrow from the duality of the zodiac sign to offer more to the customer. Like most of us, I'm looking to reuse my garments without having to invest in more. I wanted to extend this experience to the sari, so that it can in some way become a little more expressive than it already is. This is why I recreated the sari as a little sari that doubles as a dupatta, and this time around I re-imagined it as a reversible sari. The idea, as always, is to keep our wardrobe as modular and flexible as we can without the fuss, and preferably without having to spend more money, she explains. Technically speaking, the sari has two pallus that allow it to be reversed. The design is such that it extends along the length of the pallus for maximum impact. Alongside the sari, Khandwala has introduced a new range of blouses with the capsule collection as well, that are anything but basic. We have sleeveless tops, wraps, blouses, box tops, tunics and waistcoats. Our pleated shapes are very inclusive when it comes to sizes; this makes them a great go-to option for alternates to blouses. They sit close to the body to contrast the volume of the sari, but they remove the hassle of the fitted blouse, as they expand and contract generously to fit, adds Khandwala. Scroll through the slideshow below for a quick glance at her new collection.
It's hard to maintain your style quotient when monsoon comes aroundwould you risk wearing your favourite look in a downpour? The weather may not be under your control, but your wardrobe sure is. Take cues from these Bollywood celebrity looks that will take care of the crisis for you. If Anushka Sharma can sport a pair of Birkenstock slides, you can too. In fact, leave your leather sandals and ballerina flats in your closet, and make pool slides your choice of monsoon-proof footwear this season. Keep your hemlines high and safe from the puddles with a fitted mini like Kangana Ranaut's. The raised hemlines also make culottes are a safe choice of trousers, whether it comes to work wear or casual dressing. Extra points for picking bright prints, as Shilpa Shetty demonstrates with her breezy floral number. It's best to give slow-drying, heavy fabrics like denim some rest during the monsoon. Instead of picking your trust pair of jeans, step out for dinner in a simple yet elegant dress like Deepika Padukone's. For festive occasions, spare yourself the trouble of managing your six yard and follow Sonam Kapoor's footsteps; invest in of-the-moment cropped, pre-draped saris. Here's all the Bollywood celebrity inspiration you need for dressing right during the monsoon.
Veere Di Wedding is all set to hit theatres this Friday, and just before movie buffs get to enjoy the film, Sonam Kapoor-Ahuja and her closest family and friends stepped out yesterday for a private screening. While Kapoor-Ahuja accompanied husband Anand Ahuja in a pinstriped crop top and palazzo set, Janhvi Kapoor and sister Khushi Kapoor attended in casual OOTDs, and Swara Bhasker picked beach-ready separates for the occasion. Earlier in the day, Kapoor-Ahuja celebrated the launch of Sanju's trailer in a Gaurav Gupta sari, while Dia Mirza joined her in a tangerine summer dress and Shilpa Shetty Kundra stepped out for a bite in comfy jeans. Catch up on everything below. If you missed Janhvi Kapoor, Kiran Rao and Lady Gaga's latest outfits, now is your chance to catch up.
Forevermark, the diamond brand from the De Beers Group of Companies, has opened an exclusive boutique in Kolkata for the first time ever. Housed at the city's South City Mall, the Forevermark Boutique is the second one of its kind in the world. The diamond brand came together with Indian Gem & Jewellery Creation to create a jewellery collaboration that is ideal for every woman. Karisma Kapoor was present for the occasion, for which she chose a glittery grey peplum top paired with a red skirt. A moulded metallic belt and a stunning Forevermark diamond necklace completed her look. On the occasion, Kapoor said, It is truly a privilege to be a part of this collaboration with Forevermark and Indian Gem & Jewellery Creation as they launch their first exclusive boutique in East India. Forevermark diamonds are the most beautiful, rare and responsibly sourced diamonds in the world. Knowing that less than one per cent of the world's diamonds are eligible to be a Forevermark diamond, makes me feel extra special to wear this stunning piece of jewellery today. Each Forevermark diamond has a unique identification number which is a testimony to its promise. Moreover, it is truly an honour, to wear these dazzling diamonds from a brand like Forevermark, that represents the advancement of women and supports the UN's #HeForShe movement. Forevermark has incorporated a unique feature to their Kolkata boutiquea separate black room puts their rarest 12 carat, round cut diamond on display. The display is specially made to show how light passes through the diamond, resulting in multitude of colours. The boutique also houses a variety of special jewellery, including the iconic Circle of Trust diamond bangles and the Artemis Collection. Scroll through the slideshow below to have a closer look at the new Forevermark store. Forevermark, Indian Gem & Jewellery Creation Pvt Ltd, Ground Floor, S 005, South City Mall, 375, Prince Anwar Shah Road, Kolkata
It would be safe to say that the city of Arles (and its residents, both the living and the departed) will never forget the May evening when Alessandro Michele decided to, literally and figuratively, set a Roman necropolis on fire. The ancient city in Provence, which is known for its many UNESCO structures, (and will now also be home to the incredible Frank Gehry-built LUMA Foundation) was Michele's choice for his cruise show setting, after turns in New York's Dia Art Foundation, London's Westminster Abbey, and Florence's Pitti Palace. As guests walked through pathways lined with tombssome dating back to AD 4a haunting soundtrack, clouds of smoke and rows of Gothic church candles added to the surreal, seance-like feel of the evening. And just when you thought you had seen it all, Michele, lit the runway on fire. As the models walked through the flames, some from heart-stoppingly close distance, worlds collided. The living, the dead, the mediums, the spirits, the rock stars, the rebels, the cinematic stars, the Victoriansin a dazzling array of 114 looks. There were velvet jackets, dramatic embellished capes, jazzy sequins, scarf prints, tiger prints, lush loungewear, Victorian dresses, oversized crosses, jazzy fringe, feathers, flowers, logos and of course, ending it allhis version of the corpse bride. It was a kaleidoscope of pattern, texture, colours and mood, with references as varied as Dante and Billy Idol. Signature Michele style. He also continued his collaboration streakpreviously featuring the Yankees, Seganow extended to a Chateau Marmont capsule in a nod to the decadent (and very goth) hotel in Los Angeles What really goes on in his magical mind? We'll never really uncover the many layers, and that's why he is the most exciting designer today. Unlike others, Michele has decided to do away with inspiration noteshe wants you to tell his story in your own way. But also like the astute businessman he is, he wants you to be able to wear his clothes. There's something for everyone here. In this age of inclusion, his pieces span size, style, gender and agenot an easy feat. Post the show, even the most jaded editors could be heard exclaiming that they needed a moment to process what they had really seen. But before we could even catch a breath, the Rocket Man raised the crescendo of an already spectacular night. For Michele, as for Elton John, who he is dressing for his Yellow Brick Tour (see the Vogue India's June issue for the exclusive interview)both consummate showmenthe show always goes on.
June marks a transition from the hot summer into the monsoon, making reevaluating your outfit choices now more important than ever. If the increasing humidity is threatening to hamper your usual work flow, invest in breathable fabrics like cotton and linen to help keep you calm. Think flowy silhouettes, relaxed blouses and skirts. Give work-friendly pieces a rest for your weekend plans and opt for playful numbers instead. Those who are headed to a beach holiday can channel tropical vibes in Monki's printed cropped shirt too. Have a sundowner party to attend? Invest in Self-Portrait's printed off-shoulder mini dress, or go with Apiece Apart's striped skirt and tube top combo for a fun summer evening vibe. Don't know what to wear at work? Give Diane Von Furstenberg's striped shirt dress a try. Opt for Twin Set's relaxed blue dress or Cos' olive green number for a casual day out. Bershka's yellow buttoned skirt paired with Brock Collection's printed top will make for a perfect outfit for a Sunday spent outdoors. Accessorise your look with hoop earrings and slides to complete your look. Whether your wardrobe requires formal button-down shirts, shift dresses or printed floral numbers, our edit of the 30 best outfits to wear for June will cater to all your sartorial needs.
Veere Di Wedding fans, it's time to partythe film is set to hit the theatres on June 1 (finally!). Last night, the entire cast and crew came together to watch the movie along with family and friends. If you, like most Sonam Kapoor-Ahuja and Kareena Kapoor Khan fans, have been waiting with bated breath for the film to release, here's a (harmless) spoiler: Veere Di Wedding is exactly what you think it's going to befunny, inspiring, and full of fabulous clothing. Not just the story of a modern day Indian bride's struggles, Veere Di Wedding uses hilarious scenarios, witty dialogues and some heartfelt scenes to touch upon topics that India still speaks about in hushed tones. You'll find yourself falling in love with a homosexual couple, laughing along with the characters' in-depth discussions on sex, and if you've ever attended an ostentatious Indian wedding, sympathising with Kareena Kapoor Khan when she rages about the absurdity of throwing a party that's solely focused on showing others the breadth of your bank account. But Veere Di Wedding's not-so-basic fairytale charm isn't the only thing that'll make you want to watch this movie again. If you're someone who enjoys fashion, the film is brimming with some major style inspiration, no matter which character you identify with most (and we don't just mean the lehengas you've already seen in the trailers and music videos). Before you book your tickets, make sure you're dressed the part. Here's your complete breakdown on Kalindi, Avni, Meera and Sakshi's wardrobes, (plus, a special mention of the looks we're still thinking about). Keep an eye out for them in theatres! For the free spirit: Kalindi Veere Di Wedding's bride-to-be is anything but boring. Happy in her own world, Kalindi Puri is the exact opposite of the kind of bride you'd imagine at a big, fat Indian wedding. Her easy-going, live-and-let-live personality translates perfectly into her wardrobe with fuss-free jeans (think relaxed silhouettes), basic T-shirts, off-shoulder shirts and boho beachwear. Wait till you see her off-beat wedding outfits, and the boots she's wearing in almost every scene. The look to watch out for: That light denim tie-up crop, worn with flared jeans and an earthy travel jacket. Multiple earrings and pulled-back hair optional. For the #BossGirl: Avni Who says being a lawyer on-the-go means you have to dress drab? Avni Malhotra, a career woman who focuses on divorce cases, means business throughout the film, and has a sharp wardrobe to go with her job description. Think crisp white shirts, power blazers in any shade but black, and when it comes to partying, risqu lehengas, all worn with an Om pendant. The look to watch out for: A pair of perfectly tailored white trousers, worn with a forest green blouse and matching duster jacket. For the comfort junkie: Meera Being a mom is no easy feat, and if you can relate with Meera's life (and love) story, her wardrobe is one you need to take cues from. Armed with a team of printed kaftans, fun jackets, and roomy dresses, Meera's wardrobe is the perfect mix of comfortable and fun. You'll also spot her in bold prints (you can't miss her floral dress) and metallic numbers. The look to watch out for: The molten metal party dress, worn during a crazy night in Phuket. For the wild child: Sakshi The boldest, loudest, funniest of Veeres comes with a closet full of surprises. If you love being the center of attention, Sakshi's wardrobe is one you're bound to fall in love with. Love bold colours? She's worn them all. Not afraid of heavy embellishment? Neither is she. And if you're a party person, you'll want her Hangover eye mask the second you spot it. The look to watch out for: The hyper-sequinned lehenga from Avni's first wedding function. Would you dare to wear that many ruffles on one blouse?
The classic white top and jeans combination has always been a favourite with stars, and yesterday, most of Bollywood worked variations of the pairing. While Kareena Kapoor Khan promoted Veere Di Wedding in a striped white top with flared denims, Priyanka Chopra gave the look a modern spin with dual-toned jeans and a cropped shirt. Jacqueline Fernandez went down the feminine route with a Victorian blouse and mint green jeans, and Sara Ali Khan visited Manish Malhotra's house in a crochet-detailed ivory top, worn with distressed skinnies. Which version of the outfit is your favourite? Decide once you've taken a closer look. Kareena Kapoor Khan shows how to do off-duty cool in Dior After weeks of talking about Veere Di Wedding in slinky bralettes and sharp pantsuits, Kareena Kapoor Khan went back to her favourite look for her latest promotional outing. The self-confessed T-shirt and jeans girl kept her look casual by pairing her pants with a long sleeved striped blouse. But if you were expecting a boring top and basic jeans from Kapoor Khan, you're in for a surprise. The actor amped up her seemingly simple outfit by picking a slogan top by Dior that says Why have there been no great women artists? and wearing it with three-toned, wide-legged denims. A fun braided hairstyle and pop pink nails completed her look for the day. Priyanka Chopra reinvents the classic white shirt and jeans combination This summer, Priyanka Chopra has been in the spotlight for all the right reasons. After being seen in that peek-a-boo Dion Lee skirt suit, Isabel Marant's sharp white draped dress and Emilio Pucci's print-on-print set, the actor upped her street style cred once again with her most recent OOTD. Just like Sara Ali Khan and Janhvi Kapoor, Chopra picked a white top with blue bottoms, but gave the fail-safe combination an new vibe. The star picked a cropped white shirt for her day out in LA, and wore it with super skinny high-waisted jeans that featured two shades of deep blue. White textured heels, Matrix-inspired sunglasses and a boxy black and white sling added the perfect finishing touches to her edgy look. Missed Janhvi Kapoor, Sonam Kapoor-Ahuja and Khushi Kapoor's latest looks? Catch up here.
Long before the age of Instagram, Marilyn Monroe was the original influencer, her life in the spotlight captured flawlessly in a series of iconic images. And though she would have turned 92 this monththe same age as Queen Elizabeththe vast majority of those photos reveal she was every bit as in control of her image as the most astute of today's Insta-stars. With her trademark risqu looks, the actor and model stole the hearts of stars and fans alikebe it atop a moving car, opening the 1952 Miss America pageant (though she was not a contestant, she nonetheless got the lion's share of the cheers), or stepping onto the red carpet in one of her signature strapless or low-cut gowns. Onscreen, from Some Like It Hot to The Seven Year Itch and Gentlemen Prefer Blondes, Monroe defined the role of the blonde bombshella part she embodied just as much off-screen. Take her 1955 appearance at a Madison Square Garden fundraiser, scantily clad in a ringmaster-style corset, she took laps of the venue astride an elephantmuch to the delight of the adoring crowd. Or in 1954, when she played usherette for the evening at the premiere of East of Eden, raising funds for the Astor Theatre Actors' Studio. Even when surrounded by adoring fans and peers, she stood alone. She was the polar opposite of the demure glamour of Audrey Hepburnwho, despite Truman Capote's bid for Monroe, ultimately took the role of Holly Golightly in Breakfast at Tiffany's. Monroe's star quality was such that not even her fellow film stars could deny it. See pictures from any number of glamorous parties she attended, where even the likes of Humphrey Bogart and Sir Laurence Olivier can be seen gazing adoringly at the starlet (Bogart was famously caught staring at Monroe's dcolletage right next to his wife, Lauren Bacall, in 1953). Of course, we now know that Monroe was more complex than the pictures suggesttroubled, empowering, vulnerable, mysterious. She held the world in her thrall yet, in her own words, was passed between powerful men like meat. For all the iconic images, Monroe remains an enigma. On what would have been her 92nd birthday, Vogue looks back through the archives to uncover rare photographs of the Hollywood screen siren at her scene-stealing best, from performing for the troops in Korea to stepping into a taxi, smile beaming from ear to ear.
Kareena Kapoor Khan in vintage Twin and Frankie Shop; Sonam Kapoor-Ahuja in Regina Pyo and Zara; Shikha Talsania in Kate Spade; and Swara Bhasker in Cos and Calvin Klein Clueless (1995), Sex And The City (1998-2004), Aisha (2010)for as long as we can remember, iconic female friendships always come with a side of style goals. One look at the three-minute trailer of Veere Di Wedding, and you're instantly drawn, not only to the cathartic camaraderie fuelled by all-too relatable relationship issues, but also the closets of the cast filled with fashion heavyweights. To give us a character study, we got producer and super stylist Rhea Kapoor on board. Kareena Kapoor Khan as Kalindi Puri The movie marks Kapoor Khan's triumphant return to the silver screen, showcasing her post-pregnancy body (washboard abs intact) in all its glory. Kalindi used to stay in Delhi and studied at Modern School. She now lives with her boyfriend, and is free-spirited yet practical, says Rhea. In the film, the bride-to-be wears a dreamy Abu Jani Sandeep Khosla lehenga with as much ease as she does laid-back separates. It's my dream wardrobe. My favourite look is the cargo pants, crop top and boots finished with statement earrings. Sonam Kapoor-Ahuja as Avni Sharma Every four-way friendship needs a Charlotte York. So preppy and polished was the order of the day when it came to Sonam's charactera distinct departure from the glamazonian red carpet looks the sisters are known to concoct. She is a lawyer and a perfectionist who is very mindful of what people think, says Rhea. Sophisticated silhouettes and slicked-back ponytails define her put-together look. Sonam Kapoor-Ahuja in Abu Jani Sandeep Khosla Shikha Talsania as Meera Singh Like any new mom, for Meera Singh, dressing those extra pounds was no mean feat. And this near-comical struggle to embrace her new body is mirrored in her sartorial choiceslaid-back layers and breezy dresses. She is someone who has always felt very sexy and is not comfortable with the transition. And this reflects in the way she dresses. Swara Bhaskar as Sakshi Soni Sakshi is outspoken and unpredictable. She wakes up feeling different every day, explains Rhea, of the character whose wardrobe keeps up with her changing moods. In her closet, Cos comes together with Calvin Klein, and minidresses are as commonplace as baggy bottoms. Her introductory scene sees her in a vintage velvet dress that I bought for only $80 in New York! It was knee-length, but we cut it to suit her cavalier character. Few ingredients are as crucial to a big fat Indian wedding as the clothes, and Veere Di Wedding does not disappoint. Charged with the task of creating unabashedly glamorous wardrobes for the bride and her crew were master couturiers Abu Jani and Sandeep Khosla. Vogue gets the low-down from the duo. From left: Sonam Kapoor-Ahuja, Shikha Talsania, Kareena Kapoor Khan and Swara Bhasker, all in Abu Jani Sandeep Khosla What made you take your designs from real to reel? Abu Jani: The idea of a couture wedding in a film was thrilling, and that compelled us to end our 16-year-long break from Bollywood. Also, working with Rhea [Kapoor] was an absolute treat. You can always count on her to bring energy and great taste to the table. Like us, she believes in pushing boundaries. It was the perfect meeting of creative souls. Tell us about the silhouettes, palette and fabrics used? Sandeep Khosla: The colours range from romantic pastels to rich jewel tones and high-on-drama metallics. When it comes to silhouettes, they are as varied as the shade card. Expect to see anarkalis, saris, lehengas, smoking jackets, capes and gowns. For fabrics, the mood was sensuous. Think organza, taffeta and silk. What is your favourite look from the film? Abu Jani: Our favourite look was actually designed to be a faux pas in the film, but we're placing our bets on it turning into a game changer. It took five sittings to create the outfit, where we've taken one of our vintage couture designs and turned it into something young and decidedly 21st century. What was on your mood board for the movie? Sandeep Khosla: The designs we've created run the gamut of the film's many moods, from festive to fabulous. We put ourselves into the shoes of each character and fashioned distinct looks depicting their physical and emotional self. What advice would you give brides-to-be? Abu Jani: Don't chase silly trends. Trust your choices and remember the romance of the moment. Above all, don't forget to feel fabulous. Want more? Subscribe to Vogue India's print edition, or buy the June 2018 issue online here
Ghost brides at Gucci, moon boots at Louis Vuitton, horse-riding Durangon women at Dior and barge parties done in true Chanel stylethese were few of our favourite things from the cruise 2019 runways. For some time now, cruise has been the no-holds-barred season for fashion brands over the world. Its charm is simple: there's no strict calendarlabels can show anywhere in the world and at any chosen time between their spring/summer and autumn/winter shows. It's the go-to wardrobe for the jet-set and the trends span far and wide. The most vital aspect of this season is the location. Made for the stylish itinerant, it's only fitting the shows take place at trending travel spots around the world. Be it Louis Vuitton's track record of taking over a museum in Kyoto, Japan, or a runway in a Palm Springs homeor Gucci's sensory overload at the world's most sacred sites, Westminster Abbey and now, an ancient necropolis in the South of France. As for Chanel, it's hard to pick between their Ancient Greece-inspired show at the Grand Palais in Paris, or their showcase at the La Pausa ship-turned-runway for cruise 2019. Miuccia Prada, on the other hand, chose, not France, not Italy, nor the cultural capitals of the fast East, but rather a city exotic to her sophisticated tastesthe concrete jungles of Manhattan, New York. The star wattage that pulled in was noteworthySelena Gomez sat front row with Uma Thurman and Lily Collins. While the location brings the mood, the people bring the party. Inevitably, the shows pull in an influencer group spanning a whole spectrum of editors, industry insiders, celebrities and even bloggers. Here's your cheat sheet to the world of Resort 2019 trends.
Maria Guedes: Style blogger and founder, Market Stylista, Mariaguedes.sapo.pt, clues us in on all that you need to know about shopping in Lisbon, Portugal. Wardrobe basics Lisbon's hills and cobbled streets need sturdy sneakers. Keep a transitional layer handy for when you need to go from desk to drinks. Street style More relaxed than other European citieswe like a good dose of athleisure. Local designers to know Aleksandar Protic: Born in Serbia and based in Lisbon, Protic is known for his distinct draping techniques and fluid silhouettes. Aleksandarprotic.eu Christophe Sauvat: The must-have boho-luxe label is for the fashion folk who summer in Comporta. Instagram.com/christophesauvat Rita Carvalho: Her high-on-drama detailing has made her a name to watch out for. Ritacarvalho.pt Dino Alves: Originally a costume designer, Alves's creations are inherently playful. Think geometric patterns, interesting dimensions and unusual fabrics. Instagram.com/dino_alves_eu Fun fashion fact: This year the city celebrates 25 years of ModaLisboa Europe's longest-running independent fashion week. Where to shop: The Feeting Room: Stop by for an arsenal of local names in clothes and accessories. Thefeetingroom.com Mini by Luna: Located in Prncipe Real, the city's fashion district, scout this store for kidswear, decor and more. Minibyluna.com Avenida da Liberdade: If a shopping spree is on the agenda, spend the day at this endless boulevard of boutiques. Pau Brasil: Brazil's leading labels fi ll the racks of this tropical concept store. Instagram.com/paubrasillisboa Famous fashion exports: Marques'Almeida, Alexandra Moura and Luis Buchinho
The mythology of the fashion prize is part of the industry's folklore. So it goes that an obscure young designer working away with impecunious inventiveness is discovered by a fabulous fairy godmother and given a fast-track ticket to international acclaim. Off they go, happily ever after. The end. In reality, it's less of a fairy tale and more of a cautionary tale. For, as every young designer knows, the challenges of establishing an independent label can make it almost impossible to do, even with financial support, chattering buzz and thousands of Instagram likes. One could argue that the seemingly glittering spotlight can even go as far as to be a deterrent to real sustainable growth and brand building. For every success story, there is a defunct label that once showed a promising start. The LVMH Prize is the brainchild of Louis Vuitton executive vice president Delphine Arnault. It's open to designers under the age of 40 who have produced at least two collections. The winner receives 300,000, plus a year of mentorship from LVMH and its network. It also offers a runner-up Special Prize of 150,000 and similar mentorship opportunities. Thanks to the prominence of its sponsor and the eminence of its jurya pantheon of the conglomerate's star designers such as Karl Lagerfeld, Nicolas Ghesquire and Marc Jacobsthe Prize has quickly established itself as one of the most prestigious and valuable contests in the world for young fashion designers. This year, more than 1,300 designers representing 90 nationalities applied. Of its winners, many have gone on to become the most exciting names on fashion-week schedulesMarques Almeida, Wales Bonner, Marine Serre, Jacquemus, to name just a fewand even others who haven't won have gone far. Virgil Abloh, for instance, was merely a finalist in 2015three years later, he's the new artistic director of menswear for Louis Vuitton. So what makes this prize so special? You're being judged by designers, says Marta Marques, one half Marques Almeida, which won the LVMH Prize in 2015 and has since established itself as a steadily thriving business. To speak to them about the struggle of creating a brand, and balancing the creative and business sidesyou don't get that with any other prizes, and that helped us with cementing where we were going. Marques points out that what also set the award apart was the mentorship from Sophie Brocart, senior vice president of LVMH's fashion ventures and CEO of Nicholas Kirkwood. To have that huge level of expertise on the other end of a phone call or email was really precious. We could bring expert knowledge to the fields that weren't our strong point. I wouldn't have been able to carry on without winning it, asserts Grace Wales Bonner. The London-based menswear designer won the LVMH Prize in 2016 and is now one of the star attractions at London Fashion Week Men's. It gave me security to build the foundations of what I wanted to do and the support to strategise and consider, she adds, also mentioning that the process gave her a much-needed confidence boost. Part of the success of the LVMH Prize has been how it has rejuvenated the conglomerate, which had experienced its own scandal (Galliano-gate!) and an increasingly spinning carousel of creative directors. By aligning itself with the patronage of a younger generationjust as Topshop once did by sponsoring the British Fashion Council's NewGen schemethe company attracts positive publicity and creates an association with fresh, new talent. Despite the prestige, however, some critics question just how sustainable the prize is for a generation of designers who are starting businesses at a time when the traditional retail and wholesale model is in fluxespecially as most of the jury is more familiar with the conventional fashion system. Design isn't what makes a fashion brand todayand they need to reward the most progressive view, luxury brand strategist Ana Andjelic says of the prize. The question is: how do you use this prize to make something more sustainable? Of course, you can do a fashion show and do wholesale, but do you really want to start your career by being 50 per cent off at Nordstrom? Andjelic has a point. Whereas prizes in other industries recognise innovation and disruption, fashion has a tendency to stick to what it knowsKarl Lagerfeld, for instance, famously boasts that he doesn't interact with marketing executives in his work for Fendi and Chanel. Today's designers require an arsenal of skills that range from direct-to-consumer e-commerce and digital marketing to brand content and sustainable production. She continues: Once you're in the LVMH Prize, you're in the fashion system. We are now questioning whether seasonality even makes sense anymore, so we need mentors from different industries, and to take the prize further and make LVMH work harder for these designers. Winning the Prize does not automatically guarantee success. Thomas Tait and Hood By Air, both winners in 2014, are no longer producing collections. Although Hood By Air's Shayne Oliver has made a successful transition into a freelance career by designing one-off collections for Helmut Lang and Diesel, Tait is admonitory of why fashion prizes can be a blessing and a curse. Before winning the inaugural LVMH Prize, Tait struggled with the battle of putting on a show in September and only being able to pay for materials in August, when most Italian factories are closed, which usually allowed him just a few days to create an entire ready-to-wear collection. To some people [300,000] might seem like an enormous amount of money, to some people it could seem like something that could go overnight, Tait told me in 2015, less than a year after winning the Prize and months before he would quit the catwalk. There's a lot of people who have this false idea that you'll be finejust keep it up for a few years and somebody's gonna hand you a creative director's position, he added. That might not happen. The sensationalism of fashion creates this false sense of comfort where people think that you can really get yourself into a huge financial mess and then some kind of magic trick is gonna clear out all the debt and you'll become a big star. There's also the question of whether a younger generation of designers covet those creative directorships, which were once seen as the holy grail for lesser-known names. I think now that everything is so fickle and contracts are so short, it's not something that is desirable in terms of job stability because everyone is getting hired and then quitting or being fired, says Vejas Kruszewski, who won the Special Prize in 2016 and has recently put his label on hold to work on Pihakapi, a project with Italian leather manufacturer Pellemoda that allows him to bypass many of the challenges that young designers face. You go into a situation where all the infrastructure you need is in place, but the downside is that you have to deal with corporate process and all the numbers. For many young designers straight out of college, negotiating the relationships with manufacturers, publicists, sales agents and distributors can be hard to manage. It can also lead to overwhelming overheads, which affect pricing and make it difficult to position one's label in a competitive marketplace. I'm based in New York and do production in Japan and show in Paris, so my challenge is always a lot to do with budgets and the cash flow, says Kozaburo Akasaka, who won the Special Prize last year. I need to keep doing that unless I have more people and there's also the issue of quality control as you want a certain level of craftsmanship for the productespecially as if you can afford to order more materials, you get a better price. As a result, pricing can be somewhat skewed. One of Akasaka's exquisitely handmade coats, for example, retails for $2,000a price which can prevent younger consumers buying into the brand. There is, however, a new outlook on the horizon. Marine Serre won the LVMH Prize last year and is the first winner not to hail from Central Saint Martins. The prize enabled her to find a studio that wasn't her bedroom and to employ a few people to help her and start creating a collection made from upcycled materials that would be shown at Paris Fashion Week. For me, luxury is not a 7,000 dress, says Serre, who says that she wanted to start her label with accessible prices and alternative methods of circular production. I knew I wanted it to be recycled deadstock materials and the other solution is not trying to develop 45 prints and cancel 25. I had nothing cancelled in my last collection and I produced everything. She's already developed a full line of accessoriesball-shaped bags, silk-scarf earrings, crescent-moon jersey sock bootsthat is being snapped up by several of the international retailers who are already selling her label, which was only officially started eight months ago. It wasn't something I was planning to do, adds Serre. I wanted to have a brand but I didn't think it would happen tomorrow. The challenge for her now will be turning overnight success into a lifelong career. By the look of things, however, she's already one step ahead.
Not too long ago, as she jetted off for a round of movie promotions, Sonam was photographed in Huda Al Nuaimi printed separates. Her accessories of choice of accessories included lovely Sunita Shekhawat earrings and a Bottega Veneta tote. We can all agree those shoes didn't work with the pretty blue separates, not one bit. Thankfully, she did swap 'em of for the actual event- see here. Sonam Kapoor Photographed At The Airport Photo Credit: Viral Bhayani
A classic, well-cut shirt is the backbone of most wardrobes. The rising temperature and humidity pre-monsoon bring with them an almost inescapable desire to be dressed in effortless clothing all the time. Invest in breezy silk shirts as part of your fuss-free repertoire for the season. Though they are most often spotted at formal events, like an office meeting, they make for a great sartorial choice at other occasions as well. Got a lunch date to get to? A silk shirt will see you through. Pub night with the girls? Wear one with a skirt that swishes at your knees. From cheery polka dotted-pieces to those in subtle blues, there are a number of options to pick from. Embrace the spirit of florals with Balenciaga's silk shirt, and pair it with your favourite ripped jeans. For the days that demand a more formal ensemble, wear Topshop's subtle number with a black pencil skirt and matching mules. Heading for a meeting? Swap your basic cotton shirt for Equipment's colour blocked silk one to make a mark. And nothing says retro like Mary Katrantzou's black and red polka-dotted silk separate. Pull on a midi skirt and get ready to party. Scroll through the slideshow below for our edit of the best silk shirts to buy right now.
It was amazing how good they all were about having to share me, costume designer Sarah Edwards tells Vogue of dividing her time between the eight leading ladies of 2018's summer blockbuster, Oceans 8. Most of these actresses are used to being the star of a movie, not having to share that spot with seven others, but they were really respectful of each other. The calibre of the castHollywood heavyweights Cate Blanchett, Sandra Bullock, Anne Hathaway star alongside Mindy Kaling, Sarah Paulson, Awkwafina, Rihanna and Helena Bonham Carteralso made Edwards's job easier. We got a lot of help from the fashion world, she recalls of the costume department bulging with every major fashion brand. There were a lot of people really interested in being a part of it. It was when Cartier came calling, however, that she realised the extent of the cast's influence. The storied jeweller invited Edwards and Hathaway into its archive to select rare stones to complement her costumes as Daphne Kluger. We sat in this incredible room and Cartier brought us trays and trays of jewellery, she remembers. We went through every single one and matched the jewellery to all of Anne's outfit changesit was incredible. The luxury French house also created the magnificent Nawanagar necklace that is the focus of film's Met Gala heist. Ah, the heist. The master plan of Danny Ocean's sister, Debbie (Sandra Bullock), and her team of money-hungry mates. Edwards's team (15 styling assistants on normal days, near 50 for the gala shoot) dressed 300 extras in couture and designer dresses that PR agency KCD helped her source. We couldn't go to Macy's and buy these dresses, it would never have looked real! We had to have access to authentic designer gowns. Debbie Ocean's crew wore archive Givenchy (Blanchett), Alberta Ferretti (Bullock), Zac Posen (Rihanna), Valentino (Hathaway), Dolce & Gabbana (Bonham Carter), Naeem Khan (Kaling), Prada (Paulson) and Jonathan Simkhai (Awkwafina), but several celebrity cameos weren't confirmed until the shoot day. Other high-profile actors, who Edwards will not name, turned up wearing red-carpet wear from their personal collections. The more the merrier, or rather, the more fabulous the better, was the mood. If the gala finery marks the film's glamorous climax, it's the everyday uniforms of the octet that underline their personalities. Take Lou, the nightclub owner played by Blanchett, whose wardrobe screams of Keith Richardsall louche tailoring, patterned shirts and silk ties. I did a lot of research into New York in the late Eighties and early Seventiesthat kind of new wave meets rockn'roll era, she explains. Sure enough, Richards was on the moodboard, alongside Debbie Harry, and also street style from the team's extensive photography research. It was important to try to incorporate real people's style into every character, Edwards asserts. Blanchett's suits came courtesy of Burberry, who was amazingthe brand made them on such an incredible timeline. But, in keeping with the cast's realness, Edwards teamed Lou's tailoring with thrift store items. Her style is a real mix of everythingfound items, designer items and inexpensive items that you can buy at the army navy store. Her eclecticism ricochets off Bullock's somber style. We really wanted Debbie to be cool, calm and collected, because she's behind the heist and she's been in prison for five years planning it, Edwards explains. There's a stillness about her, so there's a lot of clean lines and controlled colours in her wardrobe. She's the polar opposite of Lou, because it's an opposites attract kind of thing. Though Edwards is loathe to suggest a favourite characterthat's like asking me who my favourite child is!or divulge whose wardrobe took the longest to curate (Bullock racks up some 65 outfit changes, with Blanchett coming close at 40), she does have a soft spot for Rihanna's Oceans transformation. She plays a computer hacker from the Caribbean, so I looked at pictures of Bob Marley, and other Rastafarians, she says. She wears very oversized clothes, so when we see her character at the Met Gala, it's a major transformation. It's really fun. Edwards started carving out the character and costume arcs with director Gary Ross back in 2016, so the recent attention the film has received in the wake of the Harvey Weinstein scandal has surprised her. The all-female reboot of the 1960 heist film Oceans 11 has been applauded during a time when Hollywood is analysing gender inequality in the workplace, but, Edwards points out, we were making the movie before the Time's Up movement. Even though the film suddenly seems a little more in the spotlight, what's great is it was already happening before that. For Edwards, the film's impact comes down to collaboration: from the cast and those in the fashion world, who lined up in a way that you don't get on every project.
This weekend was full of action for Bollywood's favourite faces. While newly-weds Sonam Kapoor-Ahuja and Anand Ahuja celebrated their nuptials with a party at Natasha Poonawalla's Mumbai residence, Jacqueline Fernandez kicked off Race 3 promotions in full force. Kareena Kapoor Khan partied with her closest crew, and jet setter Deepika Padukone returned to Mumbai in yet another must-see travel look. Along with these stars, Sara Ali Khan was spotted in a blue maxi with cut-out details, Kangana Ranaut enjoyed a day off with her nephew in a strapless summer dress, and Aishwarya Rai Bachchan stepped out for lunch with Abhishek Bachchan in a crisp white shirt. Catch up on everything now. Missed Priyanka Chopra, Alia Bhatt and Dia Mirza's latest OOTDs? Catch up now.
The 2018 CFDA Awards took place at the Brooklyn Museum for the first time, and Vogue was reporting live from the scene. Here, an of-the-moment recap of who took home the nights big prizes.
On 25 June, 1978, two giant rainbow flags were erected into the sky in San Francisco. For weeks, the flags' creator, a war veteran, drag queen and artist called Gilbert Baker, had been labouring away with fellow gay rights activists, sewing and dyeing the swathes of fabric. Inspired by the American flag and the beauty of a rainbow, Baker's vision was to create a symbol that would be instantly recognisable, and proclaim the power of gay people everywhere. It would capture the message championed by his friend, the openly gay politician Harvey Milk: Come out of the closet and be visible. Take pride in who you are. If the key to a strong design is one that transcends time and space, Baker's rainbow flag is up there with the best of them. In 2018, 40 years since it was created, the flag acts as a symbol for the LGBTQ+ movement in almost every corner of the world. Dustin Lance Black, the Oscar-winning screenwriter of the biopic of Harvey Milk, Milk, got to know Baker through the course of his research for the film. He believes that the flag has been a force of hope and unity: It was certainly more uplifting than the pink triangle, the symbol that came before it, which was designed by the Nazis, he says. The flag says: Be your own colour, whatever that colour is. But do it together. Dustin Lance Black with Gilbert Baker. Photograph: Dustin Lance Black Before Baker's untimely death in 2017, the artist acknowledged how the flag had taken on a life of its own. Talking to the Museum of Modern Art (which acquired the flag for its design department in 2015), he claimed to have seen almost every iteration of the flag imaginablefrom rings to dog bowls. But, he added, he had never seen one great piece of fashion. A year on, you might wonder whether Baker would feel differently, given that the catwalks of spring/summer 2018 and autumn/winter 2018 were positively awash with rainbowssome bold and bright, others more subtle. In February this year, Cara Delevingne sailed down the catwalk at Burberry wearing a floor-sweeping rainbow cape in the flourish that was Christopher Bailey's last collection for the brand. In a direct nod to Baker's design, Bailey weaved the rainbow seamlessly into the classic Burberry check. Elsewhere, there were Missoni's spring summer 2018 silk rainbow dresses (modelled by Kendall Jenner in Harley Weir's campaign) and Dolce & Gabbana showed their striking, multicoloured and ribboned dresses.Marco de Vincenzo debuted multicoloured trimmed wool coats for autumn winter 2018 and Versace showed a rainbow mini dress, worn by Gigi Hadid. Ashish's autumn collection even included a glorious, shimmering technicolour one-piece. Throughout history, colour has been utilised as a tool of self expression and peaceful protest, but more recently the rainbow in particular has returned to our consciousness and streets via the runway, says Hannah Craggs, editor at WGSN. The trend-forecast agency predicted the resurgence of the rainbow about three years ago as part of a turn towards maximalism, with a whole raft of designers beginning to experiment with a more-is-more aesthetic. Craggs cites Alessandro Michele of Gucci's colourful, eccentric and much heralded Gucci Effect' as an early sign, as well as emerging designers such as Matty Bovan, Charles Jeffrey and Mary Benson, who proved they were unafraid to embrace and elevate colour. But the rainbow also came as a sign of the times, Craggs adds: When faced with a chaotic political and social landscape, escapism and play is the logical response. Nothing symbolises this greater than the rainbow flag. Just how political the designers claim their collections to be varies, however. There has never been a more important time to say that in our diversity lies our strength, and our creativity, Christopher Bailey told the press, accompanying his Burberry collection with donations to LGBTQ+ charities. However, according to Missoni, there is no link between their designs and the LGBTQ+ flag. Dolce & Gabbana too, attribute their design not to the flag, but to the garments worn in the Italian folkloric dance Ballo della Cordella. The fact that Marco de Vincenzo sent the models of his autumn/winter 2018 collection down the runway carrying his Starry Bags with red ribbons beaded into themthe symbol of the HIV/Aids movementmight indicate to some that his designs have a staunchly political imperative. But de Vincenzo states that the rainbow has several meanings for him: I'm obsessed with colours and rainbows. It doesn't only refer to the LGBTQ+ social movements, but it is also a symbol of peace, an album of Mariah Carey and in the myth of the leprechaun, it is told that you can find a pot of gold at the rainbow's end. For Versace, likewise, the rainbow's meaning is broad. Donatella Versace explains: Embracing inclusivity and diversity is something I have always fought for and been a strong advocate of, as a person and through Versace. She continues: Colour is life and the rainbow flag has all the colours. I have had the opportunity of working with some of the greatest talents in the music, movie and fashion industry and some of them belong to the LGBTQ+ community. People with a talent that have made this world a better place. If Versace sees the flag as an emblem of diversity, a notion that the house claims to reflect in its casting, Craggs also agrees that there is a deep connection between the inclusive ethos of the fashion industry right now and the inclusive ethos of the rainbow. Designers are broadening their conception of nude, for instance, by embracing more skin tones. Established social structures are shifting and stereotypes rapidly becoming outdated, Craggs observes. So closer consideration is needed when developing palettes. The upshot to the proliferation of rainbows in luxury collections is surely that they run the risk of commercialising what was intended to be a flag of the people. On this point, Black points out that the rainbow has long been commercialised as a symbol: You could walk into a bar in the '1990s and every beer manufacturer and liquor brand had their rainbow bottle. It's a way of saying We want you to feel welcome to use our product.' For this reason, the screenwriter and LGBTQ+ activist says he will not chastise brands who use it to their own ends, but rather, applaud those companies who go the extra mile and contribute to places that are trying to complete the work of the flag. Would Baker have approved of the rainbow's ubiquity? Black is optimistic. He explains how the designer adapted his original eight-colour version of the flag to the six-colour version we use today, in order to make it cheaper to print and more widely available. Gilbert created it but he never claimed to own it and he didn't put a copyright on it, which is one of the most moving things I've ever seen a designer do, Black responds passionately. When he saw other people adapt it or change the shape to match a different part of our movement, he didn't get upset. He always said, Go. Do your thing with it!' According to Craggs, the rainbow trend is here for a while, with maximalism looks remaining as a design fixture well into 2020. The most effective design strategies will incorporate levels and hues that flatter different skin tones, ages and genders, she adds. In a world where people are clamouring for truth and transparency, the urge to be heard and to make an impact will only intensify, she predicts. Tastemakers, influencers, designers and brands are spearheading a new movement, one that says it's OK to be different. So can clothes really make a difference when it comes to promoting inclusivity? While some designers might play down the political heritage of the flag, Black is keen to emphasise that, no matter their intention, the flag's prevalence on the runway can and will lead to positive change. The clothing we put on in the morning could be seen just as providing warmth, but what a boring world that would be, he laughs. The rainbow was created as an act of pride, defiance and strength. The fact that so many people walk around wearing rainbows today shows progress. The clothes we put on are flags in themselves, they always say something about us.
As Mumbai's weather finally transitions from the scorching summer heat to gusty monsoon winds, Bollywood's biggest stars have begun changing up their daily looks to match the weather. Kangana Ranaut stepped out in a black jumpsuit worn under a travel coat yesterday, and Sonam Kapoor-Ahuja completed her casual OOTD with a pretty pink blazer. Jacqueline Fernandez was spotted in an Avaro Figlio dress, and was one of the few to skip on layers last evening, along with Janhvi Kapoor. Overseas, the CFDA Awards were all anyone could talk about. While Gigi Hadid attended in a multi-coloured jumpsuit, Naomi Campbell stood out in a tasseled Calvin Klein dress in bright red, and Kendall Jenner made a statement in a feathery lilac Alexandre Vauthier number. See all the pictures below. Missed what Sara Ali Khan, Pooja Hegde and Madhuri Dixit Nene's latest OOTD? Catch up now.
Teaming her J Brand denims with a Victoria Beckham tee, Sophie jetted out of Mumbai. Leather jacket in tow, she rounded out her look with Louis Vuitton shades, a Chanel bag and pair of Gucci loafers. She looked good! Sophie Choudry Photographed At The Airport Photo Credit: Viral Bhayani
The issue with celebrating all the days' that are dedicated to a cause, especially an environmental issue, is often the feeling you're left withlike you're just scratching the surface of the problem at hand by appointing just a date to raise awareness, when the concern itself is incomprehensibly large and pervasive. In case you didn't know, it is World Environment Day today, and when it comes to the need to save the planet, it's never been more of an emergency. The after-effects of industrialisation are known to all, yet the steps that need to be taken to reverse its aftermath are not in being implemented with the urgency the issue deserves. The least we can do on days like today, is reiterate the right practices to follow, and shine the spotlight on those who are actively working towards making the environment a cleaner, safer place to live in. Ahead, read about the labels and individuals who a leading the charge for a greener future. The Earth Tee Reliance Industries Private Ltd (RIL) along with Anita Dongre and Lakm Fashion Week have launched The Earth Tee' on the occasion on World Environment Day. For this initiative, RIL collected 25,000 PET bottles from Lakm Fashion Week, which were processed, recycled and converted into R|Elan GreenGold fabrics. Dongre, who runs the sustainable label Grassroot by Anita Dongre, added her own touch to the T-shirts, which are created using environment-friendly, waterless printing techniques. This year, the theme for World Environment Day is Beat Plastic Pollution' and we found a lovely way to do this by recycling used plastic bottles and make T-shirts! I feel it's time we realise the need to make conscious, eco-friendly decisions and take small steps towards sustainable living, said the designer. Care, repair and re-wear Kriti Tula of Doodlage is trying to bring attention to caring for clothes that are worn with wear. The designer is sending out repair kits to friends and family, encouraging them to mend clothing instead of trashing them. Nicobar Fashion and lifestyle brand Nicobar is trying to adopt sustainable practices at the workplace, such as swapping plastic bottles in the office for glass ones, and reducing their packaging materials. Their team is also participating in an ocean clean up hosted by Corona India today. Gucci Gucci launched Gucci Equlibrium today, a platform designed to connect people that are dedicated to the cause of preserving the environment. The launch is part of a 10-year plan to embed a comprehensive sustainability strategy into the brand. Gucci Equilibrium features I was a Sari, a social enterprise founded by Stefano Funari. The company focuses on upcycling saris, while using a female workforce that provides opportunities to women from marginalised communities. Visit Equilibrium.gucci.com for details Instagram accounts to follow if you care about the environment: Celebrate World Environment Day and be part of the solution to #beatplasticpollution by joining our challenge and #choosetorefuse single-use plastic. Last year over 2 million people from 150 countries participated. It's not easy to avoid but we can all do something. Start by bringing your own reusable bags shopping and refuse produce wrapped in plastic. Photo by our friend Vandana K @theconsciousdesi in New Delhi. This Instagram handle talks about raising awareness on plastic-free living. Run for the oceans. Run for the future. Run to end marine plastic pollution. The #adidasParley #RunForTheOceans returns June 8  July 8. For the first million kilometers, @adidas will match every km run with $1 to support Parley Ocean School youth education programs  initiatives that educate and empower the next generation of Ocean Guardians. Hosted on @runtastic. Every step counts. See you out there. adidas.com/Parley One of the most popular environmental accounts out there, they collaborate with great leaders and creators to save our oceans, often through events like runs, beach clean-up, etc. Everyday, billions of straws are used only once and thrown away. That's enough to fill 1000 school buses with waste, every 24 hours. Let's start a movement to make a difference. Tag your friends and ask them to skip straws for 24 hours. . #healourworld #saynotoplastic #sustainable #sustainability #sustainableliving #upcycling #upcycle #plasticstraws #strawssuck #reduce #reuse #recycle #reducereuserecycle #zerowasteliving #ecoliving #ecolife #zerowastelifestyle #zerowaste #zerowastelife #zerowasteaternatives #refusesingleuse #refuse #singleuse #upcycledplasticbags #recycledplastic A post shared by thla / ???? (@thela.design) on Jun 5, 2018 at 12:05am PDT This one's all about upcycling and creating beautiful handmade products out of discarded plastic bags. Some weeks our schedule is so full, we know we will not have much time for meal prep or will have to have some meals out. So we buy less to prevent food waste. We still try to cook as much as we can and to at least bring one meal with us, which we usually eat on the train .  It's funny because we used to live off junk and processed food, and cooking still feels like a chore to us. However, we now feel bloated and tired if we have too many not home-cooked meals!  So weirdly enough that's been a great motivator to get us into the kitchen even when we get home late and exhausted! And just like meditating or yoga, having nutrient-packed, wholesome home-cooked meals somehow centers me!  Never would I have thought that meal prepping and having our usually ridiculously simple meals would help center me and give me so much positive energy! I just had a bowl of lentil brown rice with some stir-fried cabbagesimply fried in a swirl of oil with onions, ginger, and garlic, and seasoned with salt. Yup, that's it! Yet lifted my mood and I'm a lot more optimistic afterwards LOL A post shared by Shia | Zero Waste Blogger (@_wastelandrebel_) on May 16, 2018 at 9:46am PDT This zero waste blogger urges you to accompany her on her journey to becoming a vegan, zero waste, palm oil and plastic-free minimalist.
Anushka Sharma has never been one for fussy outfits, and yesterday, the actor gave frequent fliers everywhere a crash course in comfortable travel dressing, as did Sara Ali Khan. Some of Bollywood's most discussed OOTDs from the past 24 hours also included Janhvi Kapoor's nude top and jeans combo, Dia Mirza's creamy midi dress, and Esha Gupta's dramatic pink and black Alpana & Neeraj gown. And if you've been looking for a new gym outfit, let Kareena Kapoor Khan inspire you. The star just squeezed in a workout wearing a racy sports bra. Take a closer look now. Missed Jacqueline Fernandez and Mahira Khan's outfits? Catch up now.
When the plot of a movie is centred around a heist at the Met Gala, how can the fashion not be on point? Last night, New York's Alice Tully Hall played host to the world premiere of Ocean's 8and it's safe to say that the red carpet lived up to, if not exceeded, every sartorial expectation. Everybody in attendance, from the dream team (Mindy Kaling, Rihanna, Sarah Paulson, Anne Hathaway, Sandra Bullock, Cate Blanchett, Awkwafina and Helena Bonham Carter) to other familiar faces from the film and fashion fraternity, brought nothing short of their A-game to the event. While Kaling turned to an all-black Prabal Gurung number (would you believe she had a wardrobe mishap only hours before?), Bullock opted for a feathered Elie Saab Gown and Rihanna stunned in a high-shine Givenchy dress. And the pantsuit proved to be a reigning red-carpet staple once again. Case in point: Blanchette's Missoni iteration. See all the stand-out looks in our gallery below.
Watches have the incredible asset of lasting (almost) a lifetime, which is more than we can say about most other accessories. A classic timepiece not only evades the seasonal trend cycle, but also adds an elegant charm to any look. And limited-edition watches adds to that with the exclusivity of being one of just a few pieces of its kind. Layer it with a multiple bracelets, pair it with a statement cuff or wear it solo. Pick Panerai's limited edition black watch or go with Ulysse Nardin's Classico Zheng He Treasure Boat' to style your bare wrist. Those with a penchant for bling can invest in the Cellini Orchid' watch, which is a Rolex limited production. You can wear it on a first date with your LBD, or use the slim studded number to accessorise your party look. Wondering what to gift your best friend on her wedding day? Look at Cartier's Rotonde de Cartier Minute Repeater Mysterious Double Tourbillon' timepiece or pick Audemars Piguet's Royal Oak Offshore Tourbillon Chronograph Self-Winding' watch. While we all have our go-to numbers for everyday use, these stylish limited-editions are sure to get you hooked too. Scroll through our round-up of the luxe limited-edition watches you should be adding to your wardrobewe'll even tell you how many pieces were made in the first place.
With thousands of column inches devoted to the topic of gender identity every week, it's refreshing to be reminded of Jeffrey Eugenides' summation of the subject in just six words: Sex is biological. Gender is cultural. When expressed so succinctly, it's no surprise his 2002 book, Middlesex, won the Pulitzer Prize. More importantly, it opens up the discussion that gender is nothing more than an ideaone that's open to interpretation. In recent years, gendered clothing has become less polarised in the hands of designers such as Alessandro Michele of Gucci, Nicolas Ghesquire of Louis Vuitton and Vivienne Westwood. Brands with more accessible price points, tooincluding Zara, H&M and ASOShave created unisex collections, while multi-brand retailer Selfridges is following up its Agender pop-up from 2015 with a permanent agendered optical space opening July 30, which will be Europe's largest retail area devoted solely to eyewear. And in March 2019, the Museum of Fine Arts in Boston will present the groundbreaking exhibition Gender Bending featuring the work of, among others, Canadian designer Rad Hourani, who in January 2013 became the first-ever designer to present a unisex couture collection. Within the past year, non-gendered design has received deserved recognition on the shortlists of the world's most esteemed fashion prizes. In November, Telfar Clemensthe Liberian-American designer behind unisex brand Telfarwon the 2017 CFDA/Vogue Fashion Fund, New York's big prize for up-and-coming talent, while three of the nine finalists in this year's LVMH Prize for Young Fashion DesignersLudovic de Saint Sernin, Masayuki Ino of Doublet and Matthew Adams Dolanare described by the governing body as gender-neutral' designers. And while there is little correlation between the aesthetics of the three, their entryway into ungendered design is markedly similargender simply didn't enter their consciousness as they sat down to realise their ideas. This is an encouraging sign that when it comes to clothes, the binary view of gender is dissolving. The only time the question of girl or boy comes into conversation in terms of design is when I do underwear, says de Saint Sernin. I just want the clothes to be looked at as garmentsI wear both men's and women's clothes and don't really care about labels, or if I'm shopping in the women's or men's section of a store. It's been a pivotal year for the Paris-based designeran alumnus of Olivier Rousteing's Balmain. He debuted his eponymous line last June and has also been shortlisted for Paris' ANDAM Prize, which will be announced at the end of the month. The 27-year-old describes his inaugural ten-look collectionwhich incorporated items from both his and his boyfriend's wardrobeas something of a coming of age and coming out story. Although he worked on a woman's mannequin, the fittings were done on a male model, enabling him to create something that becomes menswear on a guy and womenswear on a girl. The clothes, he adds are celebratory of who you are as a human being, so you feel empowered by what you're wearing rather than defined. Both Ino and Dolan, meanwhile, cite the unisex nature of a pair of classic Levi's 501s as an important reference because there's no gender to them it's the jean for everyone. They also believe that their respective heritages have in part informed their unisex approach to design. Ino, who was born in Gunma and is based out of Tokyo, believes the popularity of yaoimanga depicting the romantic relationships between men, typically marketed at and created by womenand genderless social media stars (see Yohdi Kondo) are helping his home country develop an even more flexible idea of gender. Japanese designers have long helped cultivate more progressive attitudes. When Rei Kawakubo, Issey Miyake and Yohji Yamamoto first started showing on the catwalks of Paris Fashion Week around 40 years ago, the capacious silhouettes, monochromatic colours and fabrication of their designs transcended gender altogether. I always wonder who decided that there should be a difference in the clothes of men and women, Yamamoto told The New York Times in 1983. Perhaps men have decided this. While the subversive labelling in Ino's designsknitwear brandishing the word knit', T-shirts labelled with front' and back'tempts the wearer to break the rules and question the things we put on every day, Dolan's design philosophy is rooted in history. A direct descendant of the second US President John Adams, the 31-year-old has the constitution pulsating through his veins, and the evolution of American style is central to his aesthetic. Casual clothes are such a defining part of the creation of an American look, he says. It's about emancipation. In college in the 1960s and 1970s, men and women were wearing the same thingcardigans, jeans, chinos, shirts Then came a period of high-octane glamoura more-is-more philosophy propelled by the likes of Thierry Mugler and Gianni Versace. According to professor Jo Paoletti, who specialises in the study of how consumer culture shapes identity (she has written two books on the subjectPink and Blue: Telling the Boys from the Girls in America; and Sex and Unisex: Fashion, Feminism, and the Sexual Revolution), the 1980s was an era in which clothes became increasingly gendered. While the return to femininity, as she puts it, started for adults in the 1970s with Diane von Furstenberg's wrap dress, the increase in pink for children's clothes began in the 1980s. By the mid-1990sthe childhood/teen era of de Saint Sernin, Ino and Dolanit was practically impossible to find anything neutral. Paoletti believes this can be partly traced to parents being able to find out the gender of their baby prenatally, which became common from the mid-1980s. No matter how liberally minded the parents, she says, once burdened with the information they felt they should respond in some wayand they did this by dishing up blue cake at the gender reveal party (if it was a boy), a floral pink nursery for the little princess. The situation only worsened in the following decade. Now they [are grown up], guess what? They're not so happy with really gendered stuff. This yoyo-ing in attitudes proves that progress is far from linear, and fuels the ongoing debate as to whether ungendered clothing is a trend or a signifier of a broader socio-cultural evolution. But appealing to all genders is not only liberating in terms of creativity and inclusivity; it can bode well for business, tooespecially if that business is fashion, a $1.2 trillion global industry that is steered by commercial success. De Saint Sernin, for instance, shows during Paris Fashion Week Men's, but sells his collections in women's showrooms. The women's market is much bigger than the men's, and the buyers have a lot more budget, says the designer. Stores can also play with [the clothes], testing them in the menswear and womenswear sections to see where they perform best. One such player' is Matchesfashion.com, which for spring/summer 2018 has collaborated with Burberry on a unisex collection. At this point in time, gender-neutral collections currently sit on both our men's and women's sites, says Natalie Kingham, the online luxury retailer's fashion and buying director. This summer also sees the launch of a men's collection with Moncler, which will be promoted by both menswear and womenswear influencers, and a capsule collection that marks 2016 LVMH Prize winner Wales Bonner's first foray into womenswear. Martine Rose, Edward Crutchley, Myar and Holiday Boileau are all menswear brands that reportedly sell well as womenswear, while over at Selfridges, menswear lines A-Cold-Wall and Craig Green are marketed as womenswear, too. Notice a trend? Women, it seems, are more open-minded when it comes to style choices than men and, aside from a few exceptions (Palomo Spain and Undercover, for instance), the scales tilt towards women investing in menswear rather than the other way round. I don't believe there is any fabric that is distinctly masculine anymorethe material used in suits is also used for women's clothing, says Inobut, he adds, fabrics such as nylon stocking or chiffon are still associated with women's clothing at first glance. Taking steps to create an all-encompassing society when it comes to gender, then, isn't just about blurring boundaries to create a spectrum. It's about letting go of those preconceived notions that sit on either end of those axesmasculine and femininealtogether. As Paoletti puts it: We are seeing a real groundswell of realisation that this binary model of gender just doesn't work. It doesn't apply to most people in subtle ways, and it absolutely doesn't apply to many people in profound ways. The more we wake up to this realisation, the less adequate our current language will become. In other words, whenever we reach for an adjective to describe a piece of clothing, the words masculine and feminine no longer suffice. It is the choice of the fashion industry, including the fashion press, she adds, to transpose ungendered clothing into the far-reaching cultural change it signifies.
American designer Kate Spade has died at the age of 55. Law enforcement officials are investigating Spade's death as an apparent suicide. Spade became one of American fashion's most beloved, vibrant designers in the 1990s, thanks to her eponymous line of nylon bags. A former Mademoiselle editor, she launched her collection in 1993 with soon-to-be husband Andy Spade. In the following years, the Kate Spade brand evolved into shoes, other accessories, and then ready-to-wear, touting its whimsical glamour and tongue-in-cheek wit through raspberry pink mules, etiquette books, and miniature nylon accessories. In 2004, Spade summed up her brand to Vogue: We're not intimidating. I think some people get nervous about fashion because they find it a little scary. But fashion should be enjoyed; it shouldn't be looked at from a jaded, been-there-done-that point of view. Of Spade's impact, Vogue editor-in-chief and Cond Nast artistic director Anna Wintour remembers, Kate Spade had an enviable gift for understanding exactly what women the world over wanted to carry. She launched her label at a time when everyone thought that the definition of a handbag was strictly European, all decades-old serious status and wealth. Then along came this thoroughly American young woman who changed everything. There was a moment when you couldn't walk a block in New York without seeing one of her bags, which were just like her; colourful and unpretentious. Kate designed with great charm and humour, and built a global empire that reflected exactly who she was and how she lived. Long before we talked about authenticity', she defined it. The woman who once described rich Kelly green as a neutralI love, love, love green, she saidwas born Katherine Noel Brosnahan in Kansas City, Missouri, in 1962. She was a regular at her local thrift stores and vintage haunts, developing a love for strong, saturated colour, as she put it, in her early years. After transferring to Arizona State University from the University of Kansas, Spade took a job at a clothing store called Johns and Company. It was there she met Andy Spade. In 2007, after 14 years at the helm of her company, Spade stepped away. In 2016, she launched a new collection, called Frances Valentine, of footwear and accessories. Spade's bon-vivant spirit will be remembered by all who crossed her path or had the delight to carry one of her dainty bags. She is survived by her husband and daughter.
Who says comfort dressing has to be drab? When it comes to keeping it casual, no one does it with as much style as Bollywood's coolest stars. Yesterday, Kareena Kapoor Khan hit the gym in an all-black workout look before catching a flight in a cosy red and white jumper with matching tracks, while Janhvi Kapoor grabbed a bite at Nara Thai in a simple yellow tee and distressed denims. Newly-wed Neha Dhupia stepped out with husband Angad Bedi in a sorbet pink summer dress, and Dia Mirza and Deepika Padukone went the Indian ethnic route, choosing breezy anarkalis in soothing shades of lime green and baby pink respectively. Have a closer look now. Did you miss Deepika Padukone, Anne Hathaway and Rihanna's latest outfits? Scroll through our slideshow to see what they were spotted in now.
Once a year, within the Frank Gehry-designed walls of the Louis Vuitton Foundation, a roster of young fashion designers introduce their brands to a dazzling panel of industry veterans in what appears a rather fabulous version of Dragons Den. This week, the likes of Charles Jeffrey and A-Cold-Wall*; Eckhaus Latta and Kwaidan Editions each gave a 10-minute presentation to the creative luminaries of the LVMH conglomerateand it's hard to imagine a line-up more disarming than that which judged them: Karl Lagerfeld, Nicolas Ghesquire, Marc Jacobs, Clare Waight Keller, Maria Grazia Chiuri, Jonathan Anderson, Humberto Leon, Carol Lim, Sidney Toledano and the prize's founder, Delphine Arnault. Such an ominous endeavour can perhaps only be made more so by the introduction of a rigid language barrierso, it was a surprise to win! remarked Japanese designer Masayuki Ino whose brand, Doublet, was awarded the grand prize of 300,000 alongside a year's LVMH mentoring. The first non-European based designer to win the award, Ino's innovative formatshe compacts his T-shirts into parcels so small that they can be packaged within ramen pots, requiring you simply add water to grow them to full sizeearned him enthusiastic fans among the panel. He has a novel way of approaching things, and he almost feels like a new Issey Miyake in the ways in which he treats fabrics and his clothes unfold, explained Waight-Keller. Even through the language barrier, he really manages to get his ideas, and his passion, across. It felt new, continued Jonathan Anderson. In Japan, they have this amazing knowledge of textiles, and they want to try and do things that are noveland Doublet felt new, it felt different. For me, what really sold it was seeing a clothing hanger which was actually a compressed shirt covered with a plastic garment bag. You could see that in the Met, and I wanted to buy it. While Doublet might be less established in Europe than his contemporarieshe only has one stockist in the UK, Dover Street MarketIno is only just classified as a young designer by the LVMH standards: he is 39-years-old (the cut-off is 40); his brand has been going for six years; and he previously worked for seven under Mihara Yasuhiro. His designs combine the staples of Japanese streetwear with the sort of remarkable fabrications only discovered with experience: one souvenir jacket he presented had been decorated with the best holographic tiger I've ever seen; the aforementioned slogan Tees expand with the addition of water (Doublet say hungry? they read in a crinkled font); a slogan embroidered upon an 80s-style polo wonderfully peeled away into a rainbow fringe. They are funny, too; he describes his work as fashion with a sense of humour, which speaks aptly to the placement of an oversized holographic crocodile that riffs on the Japanese fascination with the Lacoste icon, or your brand name here emblazoned down the arm of a jumper in allusion to the endurance of logomania. Such meta references will likely become one of this era's defining trends, and Masayuki speaks to the ever-expanding demand for ironically, self-aware fashion. That being said, Masuyaki is original, continued Arnault. He hasn't taken his ideas from someone else, or from the past, and his approach is very unique. I'm also very happy that someone from Japan has won the prize for the first time: the competition is totally international, and Japan is such an important country for fashion. Besides recognising Ino's innovation, what the decision signified was a conscious choice to expand the Eurocentric confines of these sorts of prizes, alongside a new openness to streetwear as a luxury category (elsewhere, Supreme won a CFDA award this week and Virgil Abloh will show his first collection for Louis Vuitton later this monthit seems the penny has finally dropped). I really didn't expect to win, smiled Ino. So I don't know what I will do with the money but it is an honour to receive the award. Elsewhere in the competition, Korea-born, US-raised, London-based designer Rok Hwang was awarded a special prize consisting of 150,000 and a year's mentorship for his discreet vision of female elegance. A former employee of Phoebe Philo, Hwang might be far earlier in his career than Inohe has only created three collections for his brand Rokhbut shows remarkable promise with the other side of the luxury market. My business is at a very early stage, so I'm going to focus on growing my team and building my foundations, he said. But also continue with my day-to-day work. As Ino proves: slow and steady wins
Janhvi Kapoor is definitely the next big thing to look out for. Vogue India's June 2018 cover girl comes with a starry lineage that cannot be overlooked. Daughter of the iconic late actor, Sridevi, and film producer Boney Kapoor, the debutante also counts the likes of Anil Kapoor, Sonam Kapoor Ahuja and Arjun Kapoor as her closest kin. Safe to say, acting and style are probably ingrained in her DNA. Her impending Bollywood debut Dhadak opposite Shahid Kapoor's brother Ishaan Khatter is being produced by filmdom royalty and mentor extraordinaire, Karan Johar. A classic case of celebrity' in the age of social media, Kapoor is already a star in her own right, much before her first film has even hit the marquee. One look at her eponymous hashtag on Instagram, and it's clear that Kapoor possesses the natural charm of one who has both nature and nurture on her side. It won't be a far stretch to assume that this young lady is poised to wear the crown as easily as she already wears couture. We decode her style thus far. An early debut Kapoor is no stranger to camera flashes. The 21-year-old made her first red carpet appearance as early as 2011, accompanying her mother to a number of fashion shows and events. Her teen-friendly wardrobe was replete with bandage and strapless dresses, form-hugging minis and playsuits, which she used to colour-block with neon heels back then. From a teenager still finding her fashion footing to turning into a bona fide trendsetter today, she's made all her major sartorial moves with the spotlight trained constantly on her. A star is born As a card-carrying member of the Insta-famous generation, topping best-dressed lists is already one of Kapoor's headlining resume skills; though she also possesses the effortless, almost careless, nonchalance of someone who doesn't take her wardrobe too seriously. It's hard to place the actor' style into any one categoryshe's glamorous on some days and normcore on others, but always confident. She can dress down as easily as she can dress up, and can shine equally in a Temperley jumpsuit and an Anamika Khanna peplum corset. Much like other millennial sartorialists her age, she loves sneakers and furry slides, normcore and Off-White, and Gucci tees and Kenzo sweatshirts, but she balances her coveted of-the-moment buys with classics from labels like Chanel, Goyard and Herms. As far as Kapoor's off-duty looks go, you'll either spot her in figure-flaunting workout gear or nondescript kurta palazzo sets. And just when you feel you've pinned down her style, she'll stop traffic in a barely-there sequinned chain halter top or a Zimmermann ruffled dress. From white crop tops worn with Stella McCartney patchwork denim pants to Fiorucci cropped numbers with ripped jeans and sneakers or even fringed jumpers from Chlo, it's clear that crop tops and denim bottoms are definite staples in the Kapoor's wardrobe. As for traditional wear, she seems to believe in the more-is-more philosophy. It's unlikely that you will spot our cover girl at a festive occasion without her trademark ornate lehenga, often worn with a contemporary blouse and embellishments like feathers, fringes and ruffles. Though her track records shows that she's a Manish Malhotra loyalist, she can be seen in Sabyasachi and Tarun Tahiliani every once in a while too. Scroll through our slideshow to have a look at some of the best looks Janhvi Kapoor's been spotted in yet.
For the 6th annual style list, we decided to focus on two distinct sets of womenthe perennials, who consistently make it to our fashion radar, and the newer names on the block, whose sartorial choices we are excited to discover. What do they have in common? An unabashed love for fashion. WHY: Because age has got nothing on this silver-screen and real-life royal Street-style lesson served? A statement separate is mandatory. Preferably made by Michele. Tip on traditional wear? Black and belted brings it into the now. The brief on suiting up? White for the night (from top to toe). Red-carpet rule? You don't have to choose between sweet and sexy.
After launching Orion, one of the largest manufacturers and exporters of premium quality crafted leather products in India, designer duo Puneet and Shruti Mangla have now launched their new brand, Perona, at the Chanakya, New Delhi. Catering to the sartorial needs of both men and women, the brand aims at redefining existing classics and focuses on creating structured clothing and accessories. Spread across 2,850sqft, the flagship store is designed keeping their minimal aesthetic in mind, and features a luxe black and white palette. With an emphasis on tailored silhouettes, the brand is perfect for those in search of comfort dressing. Pick from classic dresses, jackets, skirts and pants in the shades of blue, grey, black and olive green, all ranging from Rs 3,500 to Rs 29,950. For men, the brand will be stocking tailored jackets, T-shirts, formal shirts and kurtas. Considering it specialises in leather, the brand will also have a large collection of bagsmaking it one-stop shop for all your purchasing needs. Pick from backpacks, briefcases and classic totes in the same shades as their clothing. In addition to their collection of classic leather bags, the new store will also be housing pouches, iPad sleeves, wallets, belts and phone covers ranging from Rs 1,800 to Rs 9,100. Go through our slideshow to take a quick look at their collection. Perona, The Chanakya, 2nd Floor, Chanakyapuri, New Delhi
While Priyanka Chopra walked the streets of New York in yet another picture-perfect ensemble yesterday (check out her two-toned heels and that PVC bag), almost all of Bollywood and Hollywood's ladies who stepped out in the past 24 hours chose pretty blue ensembles. Janhvi Kapoor went comfortable in a lilac and blue kurta set, both Kriti Sanon and Shamita Shetty picked striped midi dresses in similar palettes, and overseas, Rihanna made a statement in a pastel shirt dress. Scroll on for a closer look at all the outfits. Missed Janhvi Kapoor and Hilary Duff's latest outfits? Catch up now.
Kate Spade shot to fame in the 1990s with her rainbow collection of cool and quirky handbags. Her namesake nylon, linen and straw designs became a rite-of-passage purchase for working women and A-list actors alike, an entry point into the world of luxury buys and adulthood. From graduation gifts (Chelsea Clinton received her first Spade bag from her grandmother while she was at college) to the screen of Gossip Girl, fans of the American accessory designerincluding Cindy Crawford and Nicole Kidmanadored Spade's style, best known for its playful purses, witty wicker bags and ready-to-wear designs with 1950s flair. As the fashion world remembers the late designerwho died at her home earlier this week, aged 55Vogue charts her personal design journey, starting with the bestsellers from her eponymous brand (which, in 2006, she and her husband Andrew Spade sold) to her subsequent label, Frances Valentine. Not just a label Kate Spade the brand was founded by self-taught designer Kate Brosnahan and her then future husband Andrew Spade in 1993. She was working as an accessories editor at fashion magazine Mademoiselle at the time and created six prototype handbags using paper and Scotch tape, later to be reproduced in colourful linen versions, crafted using potato bag fabric. Instead of placing the label within the bag as customary, Spade placed the signature black tab labelwith its lowercase New Baskerville white fonton the outside of the bag. The minimal move had maximum impact, drawing the eye of Barneys New York and kickstarting a design trend to come. The Sam bag Unveiled in 1993, the Sam baga black nylon totebecame an instant status symbol despite (or perhaps because of) its rather accessible price point. Promptly seen on the arms of Winona Ryder and Meg Ryan, it sold in spades, catapulting the brand into a billion-dollar empire. The bestselling bagwith even tween Olsen twins toting the stylewas reissued this year to celebrate the label's 25th anniversary. Basket bags Before becoming a designer, Spade carried a Jane Birkin-style, vintage basket bag with an open top which she'd cover with a scarf in winter in case of snow. Naturally, wicker and straw went on to become one of her brand signatures. Gwyneth Paltrow carried a raffia Sam bag from the start, and later iterations included the 2001 basket bag with tortoise-shell handles, followed by patent straps in red and gold. Pansy or poppy-trimmed boxy straw bags were label cult classics. The cocktail clutch Thinking outside the box bag, Spade's cocktail clutch quickly conquered all. From leopard print and sumptuous shantung silks, in wristlet styles or with bejewelled handles, the clutch came in colourways of pastel pink with grass green or snazzy, snap-top satins. In 1995the year Kate Spade won her first CFDA AwardSwedish supermodel Vendela Kirsebom dangled her silver drawstring design at the Oscars. Over a decade later, actor Rosario Dawson matched her silver clutch to her dress at the 2006 Met Gala. The patterned tote As well as her love for candy colours, Spade had an affinity for print toofrom parrots and paisley to pinstripeall of which she adopted in her designs. The varicoloured stripe tote was a hit with Gwyneth Paltrow in 1998 and set the scene for Spade's minimalist nylon, silk and Harris tweed cross-body envelope bags and mini backpacks (plentifully personalised in print) which followed. The messenger bag Spade's staff members were each given a copy of Emily Post's 1922 bestseller Etiquette and The New York Times article which famously stated that If Dorothy Parker were a product, she would be a Kate Spade clutch. Chic and tongue-in-cheek, Spade's bags will be most vividly remembered for their sassy quips, empowering quotes, funny messages and motifs of champagne with a whiff of Warhol. She is quick and curious and playful and strong, was a much-loved motto. The bejewelled heel The Kansas-born designer had a knack for clicking great sparkle heels. With magpie mentality, she launched her first shoe collection in 1999, and further styles included printed and patterned Mary Janes, the jewelliest of thong sandals and pointy-toe flats. That same year, the Spades sold 56 per cent of their shares to Neiman Marcus, their biggest client, pushing the brand further into new cities. Frances Valentine In 2016, Kate and Andrew Spade launched a new accessories label, Frances Valentine, named after their daughter. If snappy clutches were Kate Spade (the brand's) signature, Frances Valentine's strength was its architectural-shaped shoesthink strappy sandals with sculptural silver geometric heels, diamond-studded kitten heels and haircalf leather cheetah print and snake print Mary Janes.
At six feet six inches, he is hard to miss. Clad in long robes, Andr Leon Talley is the epitome of sartorial aristocracya far cry from his humble southern upbringingdeeply immersed in fashion's history. Even if you do turn a blind eye to his African royalty-inspired garbhis booming voice, often screaming out inexplicable fashion chants (It's a famine of beauty!)is a prominent element in the making of this character, who Will.i.am rightly calls the Nelson Mandela of couture'. Talley is an immortal icon in the industryhe began his career at Andy Warhol's Factory, eventually working for his now-defunct magazine, Interview, and was an apprentice under iconic editor Diana Vreeland, before he joined the publication of his dreamsVogue. Ever since, he has been one of the most recognisable faces at Met Gala every year, and is often seen chatting with the designers and celebrities alike, dressed in his signature kaftans. In a time when it was rare to see a person of colour in a position of authority in the fashion industry, Talley was the only African-American, gay editor sitting front row at every show in Paris with Anna Wintour, frequently attending parties with likes of Yves Saint Laurent and Karl Lagerfeld, and fervently encouraging the representation of his race in his industry. With a career spanning four decades, Talley is the living embodiment of the pop-cultural evolution of fashion, and now, you can see his life in video. A documentary on the rise and rise of Talley released last month, titled The Gospel According to Andr Leon Talley', which traces the man's journeyfrom his roots in Durham where he was raised by his Sunday church-attending grandmother (whose sense of style was his primary source of inspiration), to the steps of Met Gala and the FROW at fashion shows in Paris. The movie features his long-time friend, Whoopi Goldberg, who says of the Talley, he was so many things he was not supposed to be. He was not supposed to be a victim of name-calling and cultural in-appropriation (all the times he was called Queen Kong' and looked down upon because of his status of birth); he was also not supposed to be pelted by stones when he crossed the Duke University campus, to buy a copy of Vogue. In many ways, this film is his rightful due as one of the most important African-American cultural icons of our time. With that in mind, we take a look back at some of his most popular witticisms, to give you an insight into the man that is Talley.  So far, it's been a bleak streak over here in America! You know what? It's a famine of beauty. The famine of beauty, honey! My eyes are starving for beauty!  It's about gloves, okay, darling?  If Marc Jacobs can wear a lace dress, I can wear a kaftan or anything else I want, at any time.  I once was a park ranger at Fort Washington. I loved the outfit.  I don't consider myself a slave to fashion, but a custodian and curatorial person of fashion.  I came to Paris with 13 unmatched pieces of luggage. By the time I left, I had 34 matched sets.  If you come to my house and sit in the wrong position on my sofa, I will tell you to get off. I've had people who end up sitting on the floor because they sat down in my chairs the wrong way.  I used to shellac my Vuitton bags on the weekends for fun.  I love peopleit is not the fashion, it is the people in fashion I love.  People love fashion exhibits because they can fantasise. They can respond to a dress even if they can never wear a dress like that.
No matter what time of the year it is, if there's one piece of clothing that can boast the versatility of taking you through any season, it's the classic white kurta. From beach holidays and family dinners to office meetings, a breezy ivory kurta can help you ace almost any occasion. Bollywood's leading ladies are a fan of this wardrobe staple too, whether they're wearing it to the airport, or just for a girls' day out. Kangana Ranaut, for example, loves travelling in the comfortable number. Alia Bhatt recently wore an embroidered AM:PM kurta for the screening of her latest film, Raazi, and Rai Bachchan made a case for simplicity with her look at Shilpa Shetty Kundra's son, Viaan's birthday party. Our June cover girl Janhvi Kapoor loves her kurtas too. The 21-year-old is often spotted wearing white versions of the closet basic to her dance class, and while grabbing a bite with her friends. Go through our slideshow to take a look at all the Bollywood celebrities who are acing white kurtas now. Pair an ivory kurta with your favourite pair of distressed denims, or wear it with white palazzo pants instead. Those looking for a basic white number can invest in Peachoo's version, which comes with a buttoned front or go with Ritu Kumar's cotton kurta. While Taika by Poonam Bhagat's simple kurta is perfect for comfortable daytime look, Good Earth's Chanderi number features thread embroidery, and scores high on both style and ease. Looking for something more playful? Get your hands on Devnaagri's kurta. Scroll through the slideshow below for our edit of the best white kurtas you need to own now.
Calling all shoe lovers near and far. For the next five months, New York Historical Society will play host to an exhibition titled Walk This Way: Footwear from the Stuart Weitzman Collection of Historic Shoes. On display are over 100 shoes by the iconic American designer, who is a firm favourite on the celebrity red carpets. From vintage styles to footwear crafted with unusual materials, a large number of the showcased designs are from Weitzman's personal collection, which was originally started by his wife, Jane Gershon Weitzman. What sets these shoes apart are the stories they tellnot only do they trace the evolution of shoe design, but also track the ever-changing roles of women in society. Three of the featured creations are designed by winners of the first-ever Stuart Weitzman Footwear Design Competition, where participants were asked to choose between two themesmaterial innovation or social consciousness. Among the winning styles were sandals crafted from books, and a pair that pays tribute to Billie Holiday's popular 1939 song, Strange Fruit. The exhibition will run till October 8, 2018
The modern A-lister's approach to red-carpet appearances (be at the Cannes Film Festival or front row on the glamorous cruise-show circuit happening this month across Europe and beyond) is set to change how we dress up this summernow that our favourite stars are opting for an enviable array of crisp feminine suiting rather than gowns. Yes, cocktail suiting is undergoing a revival in the wake of the #MeToo movement, but what practical tips can we take away from this new trend to inspire our own wardrobes this season? First, re-think blackit's Nineties-era pastels or confident jewel tones that are gaining traction now. On the Croisette, it was a trio of polished suits in bright hues worn by three Hollywood heavyweights that signalled new-era femininity (minus the frothy organza). Cate Blanchett in Stella McCartney's peachy-pink hourglass two-piece ushered in a mood of serene authority, primed for a day-to-night agenda thanks to its contemporary neckline. This was about a businesslike attitude with a female gaze, and La Seydoux followed suit, literally, in Louis Vuitton's emboldened teal tailoring, which too overruled the power-dressing archetype that historically cast women in austere black cocktail suiting for glittering occasions. Likewise, Kristen Stewart spearheaded a lighter mood, going braless in a white vest and retro powder-blue Chanel tweed suit. Our second tip? The shoes matter, but don't feel limited to heels. The catwalk recently presented a new solution to the which shoe? conundrum as the rain pelted A-list showgoers attending Dior's Resort 2019 show at the 500-year-old Chantilly Stables north of Paris. Model Ruth Bell's equestrian suiting caught the eyes of the front row: the boyish jacket cut featured a very Dior-esque scooped-waist jacket paired with a no-nonsense white shirt and black tie, but it was the sturdy calf-high riding boots that were the gamechangers here. Bell's look segued into a series of sharp blazer-plus-petticoat ensembles that strode defiantly through puddles in bovver boots, and Dior designer Maria Grazia Chiuri herself took a bow in a trim inky-blue blazer at the close of the show. Thirdly, a note on styling. Cocktail suits guarantee more wardrobe return for your investment than a gown. Take Emma Stone's ensemble for Louis Vuitton's Resort 2019 show at the Fondation Maeght in Saint-Paul de Vence in France. Her white blazerfeaturing Nicolas Ghesquire's punkish houndstooth spin on the classic silken lapela masculine accompaniment to her Studio 54-worthy crystal-embellished disco trousers. The suit jacket is not only a slick cover-up for unpredictable summer weather, but subtly indicates Stone's charismatic industry authoritysomething that the typical off-duty starlet uniform of a well-worn leather or luxe denim jacket couldn't have come close to. It's time to sharpen up.
Image: Viral Bhayani, Getty This weekend has been a busy one for Bollywood. While Deepika Padukone, Sonakshi Sinha and Shweta Bachchan Nanda were busy travelling around the world, Priyanka Chopra was seen out with Nick Jonas yet again, and closer to home, Katrina Kaif and Shilpa Shetty Kundra stepped out in festive Indian ethnic outfits for an Iftaar party. Janhvi Kapoor geared up for the release of Dhadak's trailer with a party at Manish Malhotra's house, Kajol began promoting The Incredibles 2, and after all those promotional outings for Veere Di Wedding, Swara Bhasker caught up on her monsoon shopping in a breezy maxi. Here's a look at some of Bollywood's coolest looks over the past weekend. Missed Kajol, Kriti Sanon and Sonakshi Sinha's latest looks? Catch up now.
The weather seems to be in the middle of a pretty confusing on-again off-again relationship with the rain right now, but we know one thing for surethe day when it comes pouring down is not far away. It is time to get your wardrobe ready for the season, and this requires some serious waterproofing. While you invest in the ideal raincoat, don't forget to shop for water-resistant shoes to guard your feet too. But what kind of shoes are most effective? Should you go with wellies or jelly sandals? And what is the best pair you can buy that won't cramp your style? Footwear is a particularly tricky segment when it comes to monsoon dressing, and it is advisable to own a few pairs of rain-proof shoes that you can alternate. Wellies can be worn on your commute to work, and jelly sandals are perfect for those who prefer open toes during the monsoonyou may get your feet wet with this style, but they will also dry a lot quicker. And while plastic slides might be the most on-trend style to be seen in right now, they may not be the most functional choice when you have to walk a stretch in the rain. Those wanting to add a touch of bling to their look can style their cropped trousers with River Island's metallic slides, or go with rainbow boots by Asos. And while Bershka's embellished slides are all you need to brighten up those rainy, gloomy mornings, Steve Madden pearl slides can stand in as the perfect replacement for your summer flats. Take a look at all the functional, monsoon-appropriate shoes that you need to add to your wardrobe in the slideshow below, and stay prepped for the unpredictable weather.
This young trailblazer easily embodies the current fashion zeitgeist that makes the 1990s show-stealers like Kate Moss and Naomi Campbell, who spent years nurturing their careers in fashion magazines, wonder how this instant, meteoric rise happened to her. Well, to compliment her effusive sporty spirit and good looks, social media happened. Today Gigi Hadid, a social media supermodel, has over 40 million followers. The daughter of real estate developer Mohamed Hadid and former model Yolanda Hadid who appeared on The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills, started her modelling career at the age of two; so she has taken to being in the public eye like duck to water from an early age. More importantly, she belongs to a young tribe of Instagirls who have, from selfie to selfie, merrily upended the traditional fashion business by being designer, muse and modelall rolled in one. Today she is the face of Tommy Hilfigerlending, not only the chutzpa of her persona and the feline looks of a scintillating fashion model to the collaboration, but also her mega social media clout. In 2015, when #TommyXGigi hashtag went live, the collaboration accounted for 3.7 billion impressions across Instagram and Twitter. This collaboration not only saw her walk the ramp for Tommy Hilfiger, but co-design a see-now-buy-now' capsule collection that toured from New York to Shanghai, Tokyo and Dubai. This collaboration with a colossal American designer Tommy Hilfiger is symptomatic of a new fashion-world orderdemonstrating that designers value what influencers bring to the table. Hadid is an Instagram behemoth and her influence is far-reaching; and very nonchalantly she has been re-inventing perceptions of modern fashion by allowing a ring-side view and accessibility into a world for her millions of followers who hitherto had no access to. Her success comes as much from social media as it does from her catwalk and editorial work; whether she is making goofy faces on Instagram or sizzling on a high-voltage runwayshe is the millennial's supermodel. Now, the next chapter brings something Hadid holds close to her heart, right down to her wrist. Tommy Hilfiger announced the spring 2018 watch of the season, co-designed and modelled by Hadid, swinging into action as, perhaps the most high profile global brand ambassador for the brand. My father was an avid collector of watches. And from childhood I have been fascinated by them, said Hadid. The watch she designed is modern and sportynavy sun-ray dial with chequered flag-inspired minute track and a polished blue and gold plated link braceletand guaranteed millennial cool'. She adds that she loves the gold detailing because it feels its gives her atheleisure swag a little bit more oomph. It's like a shiny, fancy car, said Hadid, who is known to be a motor sports fan that goes hand-in-hand with her jet-set life. My dad inspired me to admire different types of watches. He collected the most interesting watches and I was always keen to see the creativity in them, the detailing that made each one unique. In fact, when I was young, on a family trip to Egypt, I learnt so much about the origins of the watch, it became the basis of my life-long intrigue and curiosity about watches. Hadid, who has been at the forefront of mash-up between high fashion and street-sport, wanted to design a watch that was not only an extension of her personality, but also symbolic of the capsule collection that captured her fashion choices. I am sporty with a tomboy side but I also like being girlie. So I designed a watch that is sleek, sporty and sexy. Personally, as much as I love fashion, I also need my clothes and accessories to be flattering, but effortless and comfortable. This collaboration with Hilfiger, she says, gave her tremendous confidence. Tommy is so open to my ideas and the team made me a seamless partner in this process. I felt comfortable to take risks and become more daring with my creativity. It taught me a lot about my own creative eye and how to hone it. As far as the more subtle nuances of time are concerned, Hadid says she is very possessive about her own down-time. To begin with, unlike the misconceptions of models burning the midnight oil, she is an early riser and confesses that she sleeps with her blinds open because she loves welcoming the morning sunshine. Time is the biggest luxury for me. I wish I had more time to focus on myself and people I love. How to prioritise time is very important to me. The collection is sold at Tommy.com, select Tommy Hilfiger stores, major department stores, and by specialty watch dealers around the world. Friends and followers of the brand are invited to join the conversation on social media using #TommyHilfiger, #TommyHilfigerWatches, #TommyXGigi and @TommyHilfiger
After an entire month of fasting and lavish Iftaar parties, Ramzan will conclude with a day full of celebration and feasting on Eid al-Fitr, which falls on June 15 this year. For most of us, this spells yet another reason to update our ethnic wardrobes. Prep for the upcoming Eid celebrations by stocking up on kurtas, sharara sets and elegant anarkalis, whether you are planning to play the hostess or are going out to a friend's festive party. Those looking for neutral hues can pick between Ridhima Mehra's full-sleeved anarkali and Misha Lakhani's silk kurta and cropped pants set. And if you are on the lookout for something shimmery, a sequinned kurta and sharara set by NS by Nakul Sen will do the trick. Those with a flair for anarkalis can pick Rar Studio's peachy number. Look at stunning paasas to accessorise your Indian ethnic look, or style your outfit with a pair of chaandbalis and matching juttis. We've curated 13 ensembles in our slideshow below, from elegant anarkalis to embroidered kurtas and more, to help you make sure that you're celebrating this Eid in style. This story is a part of our Festive Fashion series that offers practical style tips to help you get ahead of the upcoming festive season.
With Gucci's announcement of Gucci Equilibriuman online platform designed to connect people, planet and purposein the same week as both World Environment Day (June 5) and World Oceans Day (June 8), the storied fashion house picked the perfect moment to start a fresh conversation about the impact of the clothing industry. Weary cynics might call out such effortsbut hold that side-eye and consider this: according to the 2015 Nielsen Global Corporate Sustainability Report, 73 per cent of millennials would pay more for sustainable products. There is clearly a business argument for taking the pressure off our planetand that means there may be real substance behind Gucci's plan. According to the 2018 Pulse of the Fashion Industry report, other brands are listening too: it revealed that 75 per cent of fashion companies have improved their environmental and social performance over the past year. But with the demand for greener goods comes the demand for greater transparency. Much like the word healthy' in relation to food, there are few trading standards that define what sustainable' or conscious fashion' actually mean. And until there are, greenwashingthe practice of making an unsubstantiated or misleading claim about the environmental benefits of a product, service, technology or company practiceis likely to be widespread across the industry and beyond. To gain a better understanding of what is being done to rectify the issue, Vogue interviewed key players working to reduce the environmental impact of the fashion industry. What are world's biggest luxury brands doing to reduce their environmental impact? Marie-Claire Daveu, chief sustainability officer, Kering (which owns Gucci, Saint Laurent, Alexander McQueen and Balenciaga among many others): The classical evaluation system for measuring the sustainability of a company simply isn't accurate if it doesn't look beyond its own operations. So we [Kering] developed a pioneering tool back in 2011 known as the Environmental Profit & Loss (EP&L), to help us better understand our environmental impact in order to reduce it. Thanks to this, we discovered that only 7 per cent of the impacts came from directly within the company (stores and offices)but a staggering 93 per cent of the issues were directly linked to our supply chain, for example cotton and cattle farming. This means if we really want to improve our business model, we need to go deeptrace our supply chain right back to the raw materials. For example, many of our brandsfrom Bottega Veneta to Gucci and Saint Laurentwork a lot with leather, so we developed a metal-free tanning process which is more environmentally friendly as it reduces pollution as well as water and energy consumption. If our aim is to protect the planet and we only look within our own operations, we aren't doing our jobthe whole supply chain has to be taken into account. Telling the stories, ideas and science behind environmental and social impact change, #GucciEquilibrium brings the House's perspective to bear on some of the most critical issues of our age. A pillar of the Culture of Purpose, People' is Gucci's recognition of the value of its employees and devotion to enhancing the lives of the people who make its products and is focused on supporting communities. Gucci Equilibrium also features I was a Sari' company working with women from marginalized communities in Mumbai, upcycling saris and teaching new skills to bring recurring income and opportunities to these women for the first time. Discover more through link in bio. So what can we do as consumers? Amy Powney, creative director, Mother of Pearl: I wish it was as simple as saying, shop here' or stop doing this', in order to be more sustainable, but it's much more complicated than that. Sustainability' is such a broad word and it's confusing for customers to navigate what it actually means when there aren't any trading standards around it. For example, just because a T-shirt is made from organic cotton doesn't mean it wasn't made in a sweatshop. It might be an exciting idea to make trainers using recycled plastic from the ocean, but what happens when those trainers end up in a landfill site? We, as designers, have to think of sustainability holistically, and always ask what happens to a garment after we've made it. As for consumers, I think the number one message I could give anybody in terms of how to be a more sustainable shopper is to buy less cheap and more quality. Go back to that old-school way of thinking of an investment purchase, things that you'll keep for a really long time and treasure and wear over and over. Second of all, decide what sustainability means to you: is fair trade most important, or tackling climate change? Because it's unlikely that you are going to find a brand right now that tackles everything. How can we better define what sustainability' actually means, then? Jason Kibbey, CEO, Sustainable Apparel Coalition: In 2009, the outdoor apparel company Patagonia and the mass retailer Walmart came together because they really believed measurements and ultimately transparency in the fashion industry was going to be the catalyst to making it better. Back then there was no way for a company to understand the impact of their products, let alone a consumer, so they wrote a joint letter inviting CEOs of leading global companies to come together to develop an indexnow known as the Higg Indexthat would measure the environmental impact of their products. Now we [the Sustainable Apparel Coalition] have over 200 global membersfrom Adidas and Asos to Levi's and LVMHwith combined annual apparel and footwear revenues that exceed $500 billion. Our goal is to collect all this information and standardise itsimilar to the food industry. Then you can share it so that consumers really understand how sustainable a garment is. Admittedly, it takes a long time to do this well, but we are collating rich, comparable, credible information that, in years to come, you will be able to use to compare the sustainability of a product, whether it be from Zara or Chanel. This kind of standardised metrics is going to be absolutely critical in preventing against greenwashing'. Any final tips for how we can make our wardrobes more sustainable in the meantime? Ryan Gellert, EMEA general manager, Patagonia: Yvon Chouinard [the founder of Patagonia] once said something to the effect of leading a considered life is a real pain in the ass'. I think what is embedded in that is if you want to lead a considered life, then you have to say I'm going to do that right now, starting today' because it isn't going to get easier. One of the best things we can do as customers is keep the product that we buy longer; buy things of quality; repair something if it's in need of repair, don't dispose of it. When it comes to how you shop, a key piece of advice I give people is: do the research, ask probing questions, demand more from the brands that you do business with. And be dubious of companies communicating what their aspirations are in 10-15 years' timeit feels to me like the very definition of greenwashing'which is, I'd like credit today for what I aspire to do in the future.' We are repeatedly held up as an example of a sustainable company. We're not a sustainable companywe take more from the planet than the planet can restore. But we are a responsible company, in that we really try to challenge ourselves on a daily basis to minimise our impact on the planet, and use our business to inspire and implement solutions to the environmental crisis. (Since the mid-1980s, Patagonia has donated 1 per cent of its revenue to small but effective environmental organisations.) As an industry, we need to find ways to regulate ourselves, not because customers require more from us, not out of fear that governments will try and regulate us, but because it's the right thing to do. Blue Heart, a feature-length documentary by Patagonia about the fight to save Europe's last wild rivers, is at cinemas now
From eye-catching Indian ethnic looks to comfortable casuals, Bollywood wore it all yesterday. While Deepika Padukone and Athiya Shetty went down the laidback route and chose jeans for their recent looks, Anushka Sharma picked a denim jacket. Janhvi Kapoor celebrated the release of Dhadak's trailer in a lime green and pink Manish Malhotra anarkali, while Aditi Rao Hydari opted for a not-so-basic lehenga. Overseas, Priyanka Chopra stepped out with Nick Jonas yet again. This time, the actor accompanied the musician to his cousin's wedding in a yellow-gold wrap dress with matching mustard heels. Scroll on for a closer look at our favourite Bollywood outfits from yesterday. Did you miss Athiya Shetty, Priyanka Chopra and Shilpa Shetty Kundra's latest ensembles? Catch up now.
Full disclaimer: I wrote this article to formulate my own thoughts on camp and kitschhow the two concepts evolved, where they overlap and how often one is mistaken from the other. In a world of people obsessed with perfecting every tiny detail of their digital footprint, where's the place for the (nearly synonymous with bad taste) aesthetics of camp and kitschespecially in fashion? Why are they thought of in the same breath, and, if both are considered below the exacting standards of sophistication, what has brought them back into the sartorialist's vocabulary? It all started with Balenciaga's ironically ugly and overpriced handbagsall worth an eye roll and a can-you-believe-this head shake. The latest, gift-shop poster leather shoppers, made me prod further into the relevance of such print on a $1,790 handbag. The piece is a prime contender for the kitsch camp. And this was not the first time Balenciaga has mocked the It-girl essential with something so painfully garish as a gift-shop poster and whack!laid it out in the midst of high-brow fashion, perhaps to elicit a reaction; remember the much-memed Blanket Square and the Ikea-inspired Carry Shopper? Demna Gvasalia rarely fails at shocking his audience, but he isn't the only designer to walk down this road of supposed bad taste. Tom Ford's autumn/winter 2018 show bore an overriding '80s touchsequinned trousers and jackets aplenty. Take a closer look at the collection and you will see a jumper with the brand's logo emblazoned in hot-fix rhinestones, not entirely unlike the designer label's many rip-offs. It's as though Ford openly challenges you take on a brazenly gaudy wardrobe. Alessandro Michele, current creative director at Gucci who once worked with Ford, has a taste for irreverence himself. From working with Trouble Andrew aka Gucci Ghost on capsule collections to deliberately misspelling the logo of the storied Italian house as Guccy', Alessandro Michele has long mixed high-brow and low-brow on the runway. Meanwhile, at Comme des Garons, Rei Kawakubo married sculptural pieces with Betty Boop and seemingly endless yards of ruffles, lam and lace. Kawakubo's work softly approached exaggeration, raising it into a near crescendo of fury. Notorious for not explaining her work to the audience and leaving it to individual perception, the Japanese designer, who was honoured with an exhibition at the Metropolitan Museum of Art last year, took us behind her mindset recently: Camp is really and truly something deep and new, and represents a value we need. For example, there are so many so-called styles such as punk that have lost their original rebel spirit today. I think camp can express something deeper and give birth to progress. What is and isn't Here begins our journey of telling one apart from the other. German modernist writer Herman Broch wrote, The maker of kitsch does not create inferior art, he is not an incompetent or a bungler, he cannot be evaluated by aesthetic standards; rather he is ethically depraved, a criminal willing radical evil. Broch argued that this depravity, this willingness to go against what's safe, is what defines kitsch in the first place. The essence of kitsch is the confusion of the ethical category with the aesthetic category. It is not concerned with good,' but with attractive' work; it is the pleasing effect that is most important, he said. Kitsch is usually the characteristic of a objectthe Balenciaga handbag and the Tom Ford sweatshirt are prime examples. Often filed under tacky, something that appeals to a mass audience over those with better taste, it is an aesthetic that one loves to hate. Camp on the other hand is a term most often used in reference to art, and celebrates exaggeration and lack of pretence. Camp is esotericsomething of a private code, a badge of identity even, among small urban cliques, wrote Susan Sontag in her essay Notes On Camp. The hallmark of Camp is the spirit of extravagance. Camp is a woman walking around in a dress made of three million feathers. Camp is the paintings of Carlo Crivelli, with their real jewels and trompe-l'il insects and cracks in the masonry. Camp is the outrageous aestheticism of Steinberg's six American movies with Dietrich, all six, but especially the last, The Devil Is A Woman. In Camp there is often something dmesur in the quality of the ambition, not only in the style of the work itself. Gaud's lurid and beautiful buildings in Barcelona are Camp not only because of their style, but because they revealmost notably in the Cathedral of the Sagrada Familiathe ambition on the part of one man to do what it takes a generation, a whole culture to accomplish. Camp and kitsch overlap constantly, and despite the literature separating one from the other, what both aesthetic sensibilities succeed in delivering is a sense of pride in subverting the norm. For instance, while Kawakubo's clothing is a product that can be worn and hence categorised under kitsch, the designer addresses a sensibility that's not entirely practical and offers the wearer a story, instead of being just another object in their wardrobe. When bad fashion is in good taste Why does fashion, an industry deeply vested in correcting aesthetic flaws, even associate with these? The answer is simple. Style is never just about clothing. Fashion is the collective emotion of thinkers and trend spotters reacting to their current environment. Think of RuPaul's Drag Racewell in its 10th season and taking over Netflix feeds worldwide. Think of the unraveling gender binaries, the strengthening dialogue around inclusivity, and of the pressing need to find one's identity in the vast, open expanse of social mediahowever radical it might be. Think of meme accounts like Freddiemade and Siduations, which offer humorous commentary on pop culture fashion. Somewhere in a world full of people hellbent on projecting the most ideal version of themselves, is a counterculture questioning this very chase for perfection. We may not see camp or kitsch in their traditional definitions now, but their presence in the current context can't be ignoredwhich is kind of their point. Sontag wrote, Camp sees everything in quotation marks. It's not a lamp, but a lamp; not a woman, but a woman. To perceive Camp in objects and persons is to understand Being-as-Playing-a-Role. It is the farthest extension, in sensibility, of the metaphor of life as theatre. Did anyone say Off-White?
Ask any child what they love about the monsoon, and you are likely to be treated to them gushing about the joy of playing in the rain, with wide eyes and animated gestures. Ask any parent the same, and the conversation will probably be very differentthe stress of keeping their kids dry to prevent the subsequent illness has changed the parental perspective to monsoons quite dramatically. If you're a parent who's aching to enjoy the joie de vivre of this season once again, sit back with a cup of coffee and let us help, because we've scoured the internet to find the cutest kids' raincoats that will keep your babies dry while they enjoy the weather. Does your child dream about being a heroic firefighter? Indulge their fantasy with an endearing kids' raincoat from Western Chief. Want something more fashion-forward? You may want to spoil your babies with a kids' raincoat from Burberry. And it might be hard to get your little one out of this London Fog raincoat, which is so cute that they will want to wear it indoors, too. Or go with the Helly Hansen kids' raincoat instead; we're sure your Facebook friends won't even mind all those photos you will post of your little one because you just had to. Scroll through the slideshow to shop from our edit of the coolest kids' raincoats this monsoon.
There's no ignoring Priyanka Chopra these days. Just weeks after making headlines with her outfit at Meghan Markle and Prince Harry's wedding, the actor is topping trending charts with her many pictures alongside rumoured beau Nick Jonas. And if that wasn't enough, Chopra's latest sartorial picks have made her a talking point among fashion enthusiasts too. This season, Priyanka Chopra's wardrobe has been all about fun dresses and even more exciting accessories. Most recently, the star was seen hanging out in with Jonas in New York wearing a laidback sky blue number, with deep purple sandals and an ivory Bottega Veneta bag. But how does one make such a casual dress work for more than one occasion? As the day progressed, Chopra layered up in a white blazer to lend her dress a more formal vibe.
If you haven't started updating your monsoon wardrobe yet, get to it now. Rainy days are knocking at our doorsteps, and having your clothes figured out will make surviving the season that much easier. Keep the rising levels of humidity and wet conditions in mind, and trade your trusted pair of jeans for breezy cotton skirts. The breathable fabric will help you deal with the sticky weather, and the short hemline will keep you safe from the puddles. Whether you're planning a movie night or heading for a work meeting in a downpour, our edit of cotton skirts will take you through monsoon in style. Pick from midi skirts, mini skirts or breezy floral ones. For a dinner date, choose Ace and Jig's long cotton skirt or go with Monki's blue and white striped number. Have a day full of errands ahead? Style Akris Punto's tropical midi skirt with a printed T-shirt. Those feel like embracing florals can invest in Topshop's cotton skirt. Ditch your usual trousers and blazer combination for office, and pair Sea's midi with a crisp shirt for a smart workwear look instead. Add a pair of rain-friendly shoes and a waterproof sling bag, and you're good to go. Scroll through our slideshow to take a look at all the breezy cotton skirts you need to invest in this season.
Whether your dad is a dedicated camper, an office warrior, or a culinary master, these inexpensive gift will make his Father's Day without breaking your budget. 1 of 23 2 of 23 3 of 23 4 of 23 5 of 23 6 of 23 7 of 23 8 of 23 9 of 23 12 of 23 13 of 23 14 of 23 15 of 23 16 of 23 17 of 23 18 of 23 19 of 23 20 of 23 21 of 23 22 of 23 27602 It's always a good idea to resign your floor-length favourites to the back of the wardrobe in this season. Raised hemlines will serve you better. From flirty florals for a monsoon getaway to laid-back stripes for lazy lunch dates in the city, play with prints and monotones based on the occasion. Our July cover girl Janhvi Kapoor would rather keep it fresh in fun minis and playsuits. Team them with sneakers, as you don't know when you'll need to make a dash for cover. A short suit is the ideal day-to-night companion this seasonand Malaika Arora and Jacqueline Fernandez seem to agree. Wear it for a day of running errands followed by a casual dinner. As for evening glam, choose a midi skirt with a slit, like Katrina Kaif, to keep it after hours-friendly. Scroll through our slideshow for all the celebrity style inspiration you will need this monsoon.
This season will have you jumping through hoops, figuratively of course. The biggest accessory trend of 2018 is one that I am personally obsessed withand if you didn't figure it out already, I'm talking about hoop earrings. To give you some fashion history, this jewellery style has had some major moments back in the dayall the way from the '60s to the '90s. Be it simple gold hoops or the neon Perspex ones, this type of earring has seen the day in every form and iteration. And I have to say, I tend to match them for every mood, occasion and outfit. Over the last few months, I've collected nearly 20 pairsthick gold extra-shiny ones, super-sized thin ones, enamel ones in red and white, and studded versions. It's a fail-safe way to elevate even the most basic of your looks, or give that athleisure outfit you love a cool update. On the other end of the spectrum, you can match the handy hoops with your traditional outfits as well, to give them a modern twist. Look to Sonam Kapoor-Ahuja for an example. The star wore eye-catching outfits throughout her Veere Di Wedding promotions, but when she flaunted asymmetrical hoops with a ripped denim sari, we could not help but double tap on the post. Hoop sizes need to be customised according to your face shape and jawline, so that you're wearing a pair that best accentuates your features. There's one for everyone out there. Don't believe us? Take cues from Kareena Kapoor Khan in Veere Di Wedding, Bella Hadid, Hailey Baldwin and more on how to style the hoop. Want to buy your own but don't know where to look? Just scroll through the slideshow below, and pick from our edit of the best hoop earrings you can buy online.
The millennial Indian bride is mindful of traditions, but is also unapologetic about her modernity. Her wedding is not just an ode to customs, but to her lifestyle as well. She'll wear kaliras and sunglasses on her wedding day, alternate between heirloom jewellery and costume pieces for her many outfits, and be the last (wo)man standing on the dance floor at the sangeet. Trendsetting, individualistic, boldand never boring. As this bride embraces change, she's not afraid to shake up the prescribed wedding day look either. While bright red may still fit many a sartorial schemes, it's no longer the only option to tie the knot in. If you'd rather not be dipped in this siren hue, there are several other bride-worthy shades to choose from now. You don't need to search far if you're looking for inspiration. Kareena Kapoor Khan wore a beige and yellow Abu Jani Sandeep Khosla lehenga for her onscreen pheras in Veere Di Wedding, while Anushka Sharma and Neha Dhupia chose soft pink Sabyasachi and Anita Dongre lehengas respectively for their real-life nuptials. Basically, feel free to pull out the Pantone shade card and take your pick, like they did. Pastels are a definite winnerblush tones and millennial pink promise to lend your bridal repertoire some delicate elegance. Previously off-limit shades of ivory, beige and dull gold are experiencing an increasing popularity among brides too. Punctuate these muted shades with gemstone jewellery, particularly emeralds and rubies, for maximum impact. If you want your wedding garb to be vivid but don't want to go towards red for it, fuschia pink and coral are the colours you need to turn to. An emerald green and gold lehenga, or even just one in all gold, is sure to provide you with a statement-making departure from the norm. And if you're having a hard time picking, just say yes to a multi-hued ensemble. You're committing to someone for life; you're allowed to be footloose and fancy free with your lehenga colours. Scroll through the slideshow below for our edit of the best bridal lehengas out there, that are not red. This story is a part of the Vogue Wedding Shopping Guide, a series that is a must read for every bride-to-be.
For an industry often described as individualistic and competitive, fashion boasts an impressive number of successful design duos. Some are the result of serendipitous encounters, such as best friends Carol Lim and Humberto Leon (Opening Ceremony co-founders and joint creative directors of Kenzo); power couple Jack McCollough and Lazaro Hernandez (Proenza Schouler); and husband and wife team Luke and Lucie Meier (Jil Sander). Others, like Rodarte's Kate and Laura Mulleavy and The Row's Ashley and Mary-Kate Olsen, are united by a deeper bond: they share the same DNA. When siblings collaborate creatively, personal stories often come into play to create emotional narrativesand given the emotion we attach to jewellery, it's perhaps no surprise that this area of design boasts a number of sibling duos. Vogue profiles five sets of sisters who have found the perfect match in each other. Sansoeurs Born seven years apart, Spanish sisters Cristina and Estefana Snchez Rodrguez have markedly different personalities, but share an uncannily similar appreciation for art and aesthetics. Sometimes we even email each other the exact same [references], says Cristina, the youngest, who works at the company full-time. Although her sister Estefana has pursued an independent career in international finance, she has remained a shareholder and an essential part of the creative process since Sansoeurs was established in 2010accompanying Cristina on trips around the world to seek inspiration. One creative, the other more business-oriented; between them, the sisters possess a complimentary skill set and have complete trust in each other's judgement. She encourages me to be brave with my designs and lets me do my thing even if I know that she really doesn't like some [of my] pieces, says Cristina, half-joking. Sansoeurs jewellery is as simple as it is ingenious. One of their most successful pieces, the G Helix earring, consists of a seemingly infinite loop of gold wire that wraps around the ear. Cristina made around ten prototypes for the style to perfect it. Some clients call me the jewellery magician', says the designer, who often has to demonstrate how to wear her whimsical creations to intrigued customers. She creates similar trompe l'oeil effects by hooking some pieces in unusual parts of the ear, and sets others in unexpected positions, like the Petal earring, which perches on the edge of the lobe. Natasha Schweitzer For Australian siblings Natasha and Alexandra Chipman, jewellery has always been a family affair. Their mother, Marion Schweitzer, founded her eponymous brand in 1972 and the sisters grew up watching her at work, surrounded by the same craftsmen who, today, continue to work with them. It was Marion who made the pair of earrings, designed and worn by Natasha on one fortuitous night out, that gave her daughter the confidence to follow in her mother's footsteps. Someone took them off my ears and purchased them on that night, recalls Natasha, who launched Natasha Schweitzer with her younger sister Alexandra in 2015. While Natasha focuses on sketching the designs, Alexandrawho learned silver and goldsmithing from their motherin Natasha's words interprets everything I draw and makes it real. Dainty and geometrical, some of their creations are a modern take on their mother's 1970s and 1990s vintage styles, such as the 1974 earrings, which Alexandra re-worked from a bracelet Marion designed. Others are simply an expression of Natasha's imagination and her obsession du jour, whether that be pearls in all styles and sizes, hoops reinvented in hexagonal and interlocked shapes or customisable, everyday pieces such as their best-selling letter charms. A heritage brand to the core, the sisters involve every member of their close-knit family, including their octogenarian grandmother, who helps them untangling chains and matching pearls, while giving them advice and encouragement. [This] is not a brand that pops up one day and then it closes, says Natasha. This is us for ever. Apples & Figs Turkish sisters Min Arsay and Ezgi Turksoy Hamilton have the tendency to complete each other's sentencesespecially when they talk about their jewellery brand Apples & Figs. It was our ideal to create a world of our own, together, from our childhood, explains Ezgi, while her younger sister Min recalls long-gone days spent together drawing on walls, watching cartoons and listening to magical bedtime stories. Their creative and open-minded upbringing is fully embodied by the brand, which conjures a universe populated by historical figures, fantastic creatures and symbolism, with a nod to the sparkling seduction of Istanbul's Grand Bazaar. Min is like this butterfly flying in the clouds and I'm the one on the ground, like roots, says Ezgi of their different attitudes. We pull each other to the middle, which is the healthy place to be. Both graduates of London's Central Saint Martins, the sisters share a creative process that involves an in-depth research phase, playing around with sketches and collages and a focus on storytelling. One of their favourite references is the Garden of Eden, from which they pick an endless array of animal and natural figures to explore each season. For Autumn/Winter 2018, the designers chose the biblical Serpent, its knotted body in shimmering silver and light-catching ruby eyes appearing on earrings, brooches, rings and necklaces. Other collections have looked at the hidden meanings of celestial bodies, playing with 12-point stars in cubic zirconia, baroque pearls and coloured quartz, and have reinterpreted bygone eras, including a full study on ribbons and their symbolism in 17th century court life. Striving to achieve the highest quality without compromising accessibility, we want to give women an exciting world where they can buy and wear jewellery comfortably every day, without having to store it in the safe, says Min. Agmes Fascinated by the craft since the age of eight, Morgan Solomon didn't listen to her jewellery calling until 2013, when she left her job in the buying department of Bloomingdale's to pursue her childhood dream. She was encouraged by a college friend, whose initials Morgan combined with her own to create the brand unusual name. Initially setting off solo, Solomon gradually started to involve her older sister Jaclyn, at the time a knitwear designer for Proenza Schouler. Their occasional advice sessions on lookbook production and logo design naturally evolved into a fully-fledged partnership that was unplanned, but certainly not unforeseeable. When someone asked me, would you ever partner with someone?' My response was always that there was no one I would ever work with except for my sister, says Morgan. There is no one that I trust like her, no one that I can spend more time with. The Solomon sisters launched Agmes in 2016, a collection of sleek silver and gold vermeil pieces that looks at the works of Le Corbusier, Alberto Giacometti and Cini Boeri, among others. The line, handmade in New York, is a complete collaborative effort between Morgan and Jaclyn, who research, sketch, revision and try out the designs together to encapsulate in each piece their inclination forrespectivelystatement designs and everyday jewellery. Born at the intersection of these opposing tendencies, the resulting creations are understated and easy-to-wear accessories that, with their undulating, reflective surfaces and bold sculptural shapes, refuse to go unnoticed. Gabriela Artigas Gabriela Artigas' first foray into the jewellery world was a simple bead necklace she made for her mother. While they were sitting in a restaurant in Los Angeles, it unexpectedly caught the attention of a passerby, who ended up buying it. Driven by this boost of confidence, the Mexican-born designer founded her eponymous brand in 2003. In 2008, finding herself at the crossroads between elevating the label to a full-time life commitment or scaling it down to a hobby, Gabriela took on board her older sister Teresita to look after sales and other administrative tasks. Since the beginning, it was a good organic partnership, says Teresita. We know what our strengths are and, as sisters, we know what buttons to push to make [ourselves] do better. Close since a young agewe lived in the same bedroom for ever, jokes Teresitathey have grown even closer working side by side, developing a mutual understanding that often escapes words. Most of Gabriela Artigas' pieces stem from the signature Infinite Tusk, a sleek, elongated shape that the designer has transformed in pull-through earrings, open-circle rings and sharp pendants. Each new collection includes a re-interpretation of this simple design, which Artigas has brightened up with coloured pav stones, rotated to fit along the lobe and inflated to assume a slightly rounded shape. Alongside her ever-evolving tusks, the designer creates elegantly modern pieces with influences she finds hard to pinpoint, but which undoubtedly take their cues from architecturetheir grandfather Francisco Artigas was a renowned Modernist architectand from the sisters' enthusiasm to explore different cultures, which was encouraged by their mother from a very young age.
Yesterday, almost all of Bollywood favoured neutral hues. In Hyderabad, Aditi Rao Hydari continued Sammohanam promotions in a black and white Myoho number, while in Mumbai, Radhika Apte picked black separates at the screening of Lust Stories. Shweta Bachchan Nanda and Gauri Khan experimented with fun casual separates in shades of grey, and overseas, Priyanka Chopra channelled creamy shades of ivory in New York. But that's not all. In the past 24 hours, we spotted Nimrat Kaur in a grey Shehla Khan maxi, Bhumi Pednekar in a navy short suit and Parineeti Chopra in black Ivy Park separates at Mumbai airport too. Catch up on all the looks below. Did you miss Neha Dhupia, Nimrat Kaur and Parineeti Chopra's latest looks? Catch up in our slideshow below.
Note to all footballers: great style cannot be measured out in monogrammed washbags or summoned via peroxide lightning bolts shaved into follicles. It's more subtle than swathing yourself in logo-laden bomber jackets or outlandishly embroidered tuxedos. A 300,000 a week salary doesn't helpit's too tempting to seize upon the traditional trappings of luxury, ignoring what's head-turning on account of its refined quietness. Dele Alli may have prepared a late bid for inclusion with his BoohooMAN collection, but did he make the final cut? As the World Cup 2018 kicks off in Russia, here are Vogue's 10 most stylish footballers. Keisuke Honda, Japan Image: Rex Features The Japanese Maradona, Honda is a star whose prodigious goal-scoring ability is only outweighed by his natty airport style. An Italianate appreciation of sleek (lemon yellow linen) suiting and suede loafers informs the post-carousel waltz, thanks to front row seats being guaranteed at Louis Vuitton, Lanvin and Dior. In 2010 he earned 4chan notoriety for an appearance wearing two luxury Gag Milano watches at the same time, on each wrist. His reply to the media storm: Who decided that a watch can only be worn on one hand? Style icon status beckons. Jrme Boateng, Germany Image: Getty A personal collection of over 650 pairs of shoes; an Off-White x Nike link-up with pal Virgil Abloh; an impressive catalogue of favourite labels including Supreme, Balenciaga, Balmain; not to mention a contract with Jay-Z's Roc Nationthe Bayern Munich and Germany centre-back has some serious credentials. His eyewear line is surprisingly elegant, toowe love the retro-nerd appeal of his customary gold-rimmed spectacles, shown off to great effect when paired with the Bayern Munich official Lederhosen-style red suit. Paul Pogba, France Image: Rex Features Gaudiness guaranteedbut we always want to see what he's wearing. The midfielder flits between blinged-up-all-black (often in surprisingly sober items from his adidas x PP line) to tricked-out-flashbulb-magnet in an endless parade of look-at-me labels he has delightfully nicknamed Pogswag: Dolce & Gabbana, Gucci, Yeezy, Supreme x Louis Vuitton and Givenchy all feature heavily. Hctor Bellern, Spain Image: Jonathan Daniel Pryce A streetwear nut (he favours Fear of God, KidSuper, Off-White) and Raf Simons devotee, the Arsenal and Spain right-back is a risk-taker whose idiosyncratic fusion of fiery sportswear and top-shelf fashion pieces rarely misses the mark. With a look that's under-appreciated by his team mateshe recently confessed that players teasingly printed out pictures of him the morning after he was photographed in a pair of Zimmermann silk pyjamas and Gucci embroidered loafers and stuck them on his lockerand seemingly the Spanish coach, since he did not make the team selection this year, he nevertheless caught Vogue's eye back in 2016 and has since embraced the menswear scene with aplomb. Proof he's not just a label-obsessive? He has his own sewing machine at home (his grandmother owned a clothing factory). Kudos. Kylian Mbapp, France Image: Rex Features The world's most expensive teenager is that rarest of breeds: a hyper-well-paid footballer (don't forget that 180 million transfer fee) with an appreciation for minimalism. The 19-year-old's suits are slim, well-tailored, navy, Hugo Boss. He pairs camel polonecks with pea coats. He has a wardrobe full of smart, khaki rainwear. Even better? He shines his own shoes, having received a telling off from his mother when she heard he was outsourcing the job whilst playing for Monaco. Marouane Fellaini, Belgium Image: Getty It's hard to make waves in football's follicular department but Fellaini's afro has attained epochal status. He has a neat habit of pairing his regulation Manchester United suit with New Balance trainers, further enforcing his hipster credentials (on that note, he recently failed in a bid to sue the sportswear giant, a former sponsor, for defective football boots, so he clearly has an eye for quality). But it's the barnet that guarantees his place in the hallowed halls of fabulosity. Who else would allow GQ Style to make them over into Minnie Mouse? Eric Dier, England Image: Rex Features The Tottenham and England midfielder is a famously erudite addition to the England team: fluent in Portuguese having been brought up in the Algarve, in his spare time he goes to art galleries (he owns work by Erik Lindman and name checks the architect John Pawson and the photographer Andreas Gursky as interests) and (whisper it) reads books. His wardrobe is still a work in progress, but clean lines and slick tailoring will help ensure he adds consistently well-dressed' to his repertoire. Antoine Griezmann, France Image: Rex Features Griezmann's penchant for Gucci (he once wore glittery silver trainers without socks to a Uefa awards ceremony) has evolved into a brilliant Balenciaga-esque, dad-of-three-on-a-casual-Friday look. Saint Laurent tees and Louis Vuitton printed shirts are par for the course. We like him best in all black everything, looking like a gun for hire. Sergio Ramos, Spain Image: Getty The Spanish captain and amateur rapper is ruthless in his pursuit of victoryin December he broke the La Liga record for red cards. Fashion is a similarly single-minded pastime for the Real Madrid stalwart: he favours tight, ritzy clothes that show off his perfectly honed form and well-tended facial topiary. Head-to-toe Black Caviar nubuck, purple velvet Hugo Boss, full-on embroidered Gucci, flamboyant printed Dolce & Gabbanano look is too exotic for Ramos to debut. Occasionally veers into parodic realms, but give us a footballer who doesn't Jannik Vestergaard, Denmark Image: Getty Black jeans, white T-shirts and the occasional khaki army jacket comprise the central defender's laid-back look. This is extraordinary for a footballer; then again, when he moved to German club Hoffenheim as a teenager, he cited as an attraction the club rule that banned players from arriving at the training ground in their customary ostentatious sports cars, so he clearly possesses a Dane's minimalist aesthetic.
If Tomas Maier's 17-year tenure at Bottega Veneta is to be remembered for anything, it will most likely be for its discreet approach to luxury. When he was hired by Tom Ford in 2001 to take on the role of creative director at the Italian brand, it had just been acquired by PPR (now Kering); Maier was tasked with turning around what was then a label on the verge of bankruptcy. He rooted his vision in the label's reputation for time-tested craftsmanship (the company was founded in 1966 as a leather goods specialist in Italy's Veneto region), paired with his own fascination with functionality. He quickly found success, surpassing $1 billion in sales by 2012which, at the time, made Bottega Veneta Kering's fastest-growing label. It's largely due to Tomas's high-level creative demands that Bottega Veneta became the house it is today, Franois-Henri Pinault, chief executive and chairman of Kering, said in a statement confirming the designer's departure yesterday. He put it back on the luxury scene and made it an undisputed reference. It was 21 years ago that Maier founded his own eponymous label, which focuses on the sensation of time offholidaywear is his speciality. It was fitting then that his first major success for Bottega Veneta, months after he took up his role, was the Cabata relaxed, woven tote bag that reminded him of the intrecciato bags carried by his mother. It became the starting point for the signature aesthetic he developed at the house over the next decade and a half, characterised by easy-breezy sophistication, highly luxurious materials and sun-drenched colour palettes. It was logo-free, precise and restrained above all. That signature extended beyond the clothing, accessories and even fragrances to which Maier turned his hand, artfully translating into a maison retail concept which saw stores pop up in New York, Milan and Beverly Hills. Mixing pragmatism and opulence, the architectural one-offs each paid tribute to their location while fusing with the restraint and elegance of the luxury brand, a trope much replicated across the fashion world, though not always as effortlessly pulled off. Throughout, Maier maintained a shrewd, selective approach to his work. It wasn't until this year that he agreed to his first-ever high-street collaboration: a bright, resortwear line for Uniqlo. It was an uncharacteristic move, but then he was already a fan of the brand's black sweatshirts (Maier's personal style is largely monochrome). It was a very nice challenge, not because of the price points but because you are making clothing for so many shapes and ages and different kinds of people, he explained at the time. So you have to always be thinking: Will this look good on everyone?' As for other collaborations, he's been more interested in working with artists than retailers. During his time at Bottega Veneta he sought out Robert Longo, Nan Goldin, Mona Kuhn and Larry Sultan to shoot his campaigns, rather than relying on the industry's shortlist of coveted fashion photographers. These carefully designed visuals helped to contribute to an impression of Bottega Veneta as the thinking consumer's brandnot flashy but considered. Celebrity, on the other hand, seemed less appealing. While many designers today are happy to have their names tied to the brands they work with, broadcast the inner workings of their lives through social media and hit the red carpet with brand ambassadors, Maier was resolute in avoiding it all. I don't like when actors borrow clothes, he told the Wall Street Journal in 2013, explaining that his disdain has nothing to do with fame or the famous, but because borrowing reveals an unstylish lack of conviction. It's very different to buy your clothes versus borrow them. When you buy clothes, it's a decision. You're saying, This looks like me.' It's a different story. Nevertheless, his eveningweardraped dresses and minimal styles that embody the stealth wealth style Maier has become synonymous withlured in some high-profile fans. Anne Hathaway, Liu Wen and Donald Glover have all recently stepped out in his designs. He also demonstrated an instinct for matching his clothes to the right modelsmost notably Lauren Hutton, who two years ago, at the age of 72, walked Bottega Veneta's 50th anniversary show alongside Karen Elson (37), Eva Herzigova (43) and Gigi Hadid (21). It was a savvy and headline-grabbing tribute to his wealthy older customers. Should he have paid more attention to the millennial market? Business analysts argue that perhaps he should. Sales started to slow down in 2015, dropping 9 per cent in 2016 to $1.4 billion and remaining essentially flat in 2017. We are now in a time in which designers make stars of themselves on Instagram, court young talent and prioritise celebrity dressing; Kering's hottest brand today is Gucci, with its superstar designer Alessandro Michele. In some respects then, Maier represents an old-fashioned school of thought. Nevertheless, his work at Bottega Veneta put the house firmly on the luxury map and he leaves an intimidating legacy. Cline veteran Phoebe Philo and 32-year-old British designer Craig Green are among those tipped to replace him. The former would bring with her a deep understanding of the market and a very loyal industry following, but the latter could bring a much more youthful approach. Following 17 years under Maier's distinctive steer, Bottega Veneta may be in for a dramatic change of direction.
Knock, knock. Who's there? Fashion. Yep, the industry that takes itself seriously is shedding the pout in favour of a smile. From the digital savants at Gucci communicating via meme to Raf Simons's droll Friday The 13th hockey-mask shoes for Calvin Klein and Emporio Armani's childish crab motifs, the mood is lightening. Wit, of course, is different to comedy. Unlike Charlie Chaplin slipping on a banana peel, wit is more comfortable with the connection of two previously unjoined dots. Think practical trainers with a fantastical elf flick at the toe (Loewe) or built-for-purpose cycling shorts under statuesque ballgowns (Saint Laurent). These are clothes that say something witty about fashion. Like Dada and the Surrealists, we're all in on the joke. Victoria Beckham may have taken an extended break from smiling but fashion can still be a laugh. Here are a few jocular ideas to get you through the silly season with tongue firmly in cheek.
Your dad's wardrobe may not be your first port of call for fashion inspirationbut take Father's Day as a reminder that dads can be style icons. And right now they're particularly relevant to the zeitgeist. Dadcore is the watchword for spring/summer 2018 menswear, with brands big and smallfrom Balenciaga to London label E. Tautzchampioning worn-out denim, hike-friendly anoraks and loose-fit suits. It's a trend that's one to watch for grown-up daughters as well as sons, because there's nothing more nonchalantly chic than menswear-inspired pieces mixed and matched with womenswear: just think of Coco Chanel with her high-waisted trousers and a Breton sweater (borrowed from the men of the French navy), or Katharine Hepburn in her crisp, oversized white shirts. If style panache isn't among your own dad's strengths, worry notthese five key pieces should help you start a shopping list. The classic loafer Gucci's horsebit loafers have been the trademark of a well-dressed gent since they were first sold in 1953. On women they're equally dashing. Wear with flared jeans or straight-cut printed trousers, but either way, make sure they're cropped to the ankle bone to show off that shoe. The check suit If your father bought the boldly checked two-piece suits of the 1970s and 1980s, he may wish to dig them out again. Calvin Klein, Alexander McQueen and Gucci were among those who this season sent suits down the runway in retro-corporate brown, blue and grey plaids. To make the look your own, opt for straight-cut silhouettes from Ganni, Thom Browne or Brunello Cucinelli and wear with a T-shirt and ankle boots. The tailored shorts The best-dressed men have smart, plain shorts for summer and they wear them pressed: see Michael Kors' models in belted, knee-length shorts in shades of lilac and camel. Channel the off-duty-student look by pairing your own dress shorts (Raey, Bottega Veneta and Off-White have good versions for women) with a slouchy sweater and pristine white sneakers. The trench coat As Alexander McQueen demonstrated this season, a broad-shouldered, wide-lapelled trench coat is confident and imposing. In womenswear, look for something loose and voluminoustry Acne Studios, Juun.J or Vika Gazinskayaand wear it open like you're too busy to belt. The loose-fit blazer That wardrobe staple of the 1980s man, the long, loose blazer is, thanks to Balenciaga, back on the style agenda. Resist a nipped-in waist and go instead for the androgynous cuts offered by Haider Ackermann, Summa and Connolly. Play against the silhouette by wearing a minidress underneath.
No matter what the occasion is, a classic piece of jewellery will always add that extra something to your outfit. Whether it's a festive occasion or a formal one, our edit has the best styles for all your needs. If the event demands something ethnic, opt for Sunita Shekhawat's stunning chandbalis to elevate your anarkali. Emerald lovers have lots to choose from tootreat yourself to earrings from the House of Meraki or a stunning ring from Anmol. Statement necklaces never go out of style. Invest in Rosentiques' emerald and diamond number for a piece that is perfect for a grand occasion. If you are on a hunt for something sleek and elegant, go with Anita Ko's diamond earrings or a diamond bracelet by Mehta & Sons by Narendra Mehta. Looking for something to wear on an everyday basis? Look to Theodora Warre's gold-plated necklace that comes with a charming pendant. Go through the slideshow for our edit of the most stunning pieces to own this season.
The mere thought of planning a safari vacation brings along a feeling of adventure, making the process of actually planning the holiday more exciting than the chore it is. As you head towards the picture-perfect Savannas, ensure that you've picked the right essentials to make the perfect frames for your Instagram feed. What should be on top of your list? A classic cotton shirt. Not only does it make for the perfect workwear essential, it's also a great option for a safari vacation, as the fabric will help you stay cool. Pick from striped, crisp whites to playful florals as you step out to stake out the wildlife. A simple cotton shirt scores high on both comfort and style, specially when you're outdoors in sunny weathers. For an Insta-worthy shot, style yourself in Balenciaga's striped cotton shirt with extended black sleeves. Want to stay more in sync with nature? Try Off-White's floral number with mom jeans or invest in Mango's shirt featuring micro florals. Those looking to walk the classic route can style J.W. Anderson's white cotton shirt with flared jeans. Don't forget to amp up your look with the key holiday accessories like a straw hat and sunglasses. Scroll through our edit to find the pieces that will help you make a statement on your safari holiday.
Eid wasn't the only highlight for Bollywood celebrities this weekend. While Athiya Shetty got the first glimpse of Race 3 dressed in a fun cropped sweatshirt, Jacqueline Fernandez celebrated her latest release in one of this season's favourite colour combinations, and in Delhi, Dia Mirza made a public appearance in a bold blue and white Divya Sheth jacket. Overseas, Meghan Markle joined Prince Harry at a wedding in a floral Oscar de la Renta maxi, and both Kim Kardashian West and Zendaya were unmissable on the MTV Movie Awards' red carpet. Check out all the looks you missed below. Missed what Mira Rajput Kapoor, Shilpa Shetty Kundra and Shweta Bachchan Nanda just stepped out in? Catch up now.
Bottega Veneta confirmed last week that British designer Daniel Lee will take over the role of creative director as of July 1. A graduate of Central Saint Martins, the 32-year-old designer, most recently director of ready-to-wear at Cline, previously worked at Maison Margiela, Balenciaga and Donna Karan, and therefore knows the luxury market well. Franois-Henri Pinault, chief executive and chairman of Kering, praised the singularity of Lee's vision: His work is characterised by great rigour, a mastery of studio expertise, a true passion for materials and an energy that I cannot wait to see take shape at Bottega Veneta. Claus Dietrich Lahrs, CEO at the Italian house, said in the same statement that Lee brings a new and distinctive creative language that will continue building the house's success. And successful is certainly how Tomas Maier's 17-year tenure will be remembered, not least because of the refined, discreet approach to luxury he carefully crafted. When he was hired by Tom Ford in 2001 to take on the role of creative director at the Italian brand, it had just been acquired by PPR (now Kering); Maier was tasked with turning around what was then a label on the verge of bankruptcy. He rooted his vision in the label's reputation for time-tested craftsmanship (the company was founded in 1966 as a leather goods specialist in Italy's Veneto region), paired with his own fascination with functionality. He quickly found success, surpassing $1 billion in sales by 2012which, at the time, made Bottega Veneta Kering's fastest-growing label. It's largely due to Tomas's high-level creative demands that Bottega Veneta became the house it is today, said Pinault in a statement confirming the designer's departure earlier this week. He put it back on the luxury scene and made it an undisputed reference. Maier's first major success at the brand was the Cabat, a relaxed, woven tote bag that reminded him of the intrecciato bags carried by his mother. (Fitting too, considering his eponymous label, founded 21 years ago, specialises on holidaywear.) It became the starting point for the signature aesthetic he developed at the house over the next decade and a half, characterised by easy-breezy sophistication, highly luxurious materials and sun-drenched colour palettes. It was logo-free, precise and restrained above all. Cline's Phoebe Philo was briefly mooted to replace Maier, continuing in that stealth wealth aesthetic which Lee is expected to continue. Maier's signature extended beyond the clothing, accessories and even fragrances, artfully translating into a refined maison retail concept which saw stores pop up in New York, Milan and Beverly Hills. Mixing pragmatism and opulence, the architectural one-offs each pay tribute to their location while fusing with the restraint and elegance of the luxury brand, a trope much replicated across the fashion world, though not always as effortlessly as this. Throughout, Maier maintained a shrewd, selective approach to his work. It wasn't until this year that he agreed to his first-ever, high-street collaboration: a bright, resortwear line for Uniqlo. As for other collaborations, he's been more interested in working with artists than retailers. During his time at Bottega Veneta he sought out Robert Longo, Nan Goldin, Mona Kuhn and Larry Sultan to shoot his campaigns, rather than relying on the industry's shortlist of coveted fashion photographers. These carefully designed visuals helped to contribute to an impression of Bottega Veneta as the thinking consumer's brandnot flashy but considered. Celebrity, on the other hand, seemed less appealing. While many designers today are happy to have their names tied to the brands they work with, broadcast the inner workings of their lives through social media and hit the red carpet with brand ambassadors, Maier was resolute in avoiding it all. I don't like when actors borrow clothes, he told the Wall Street Journal in 2013, explaining that his disdain has nothing to do with fame or the famous, but because borrowing reveals an unstylish lack of conviction. It's very different to buy your clothes versus borrow them. When you buy clothes, it's a decision. You're saying, This looks like me.' It's a different story. Nevertheless, his eveningweardraped dresses and minimal styles that embody the stealth wealth style Maier has become synonymous withlured in some high-profile fans. Anne Hathaway, Liu Wen and Donald Glover have all recently stepped out in his designs. He also demonstrated an instinct for matching his clothes to the right modelsmost notably Lauren Hutton, who two years ago, at the age of 72, walked Bottega Veneta's 50th anniversary show alongside Karen Elson (37), Eva Herzigova (43) and Gigi Hadid (21). It was a savvy and headline-grabbing tribute to his wealthy older customers. Should he have paid more attention to the millennial market? Business analysts argue that perhaps he should. Sales started to slow down in 2015, dropping 9 per cent in 2016 to $1.4 billion and remaining essentially flat in 2017. We are now in a time in which designers make stars of themselves on Instagram, court young talent and prioritise celebrity dressing; Kering's hottest brand today is Gucci, with its superstar designer Alessandro Michele. In some respects then, Maier represents an old-fashioned school of thought. Parallels are being drawn between Lee's appointment and that of Michelewho was raised from relative obscurity to lead the charge on what may be the most successful overhaul of a major global fashion brand of lateand Demna Gvasalia's appointment at Balenciaga. Like Michele and Gvasalia, Kering must be hoping that Lee will bring a new energy to the brand, without estranging the very loyal industry cultivated over the previous decade. After 17 years under Maier's distinctive steer, Bottega Veneta is in for a dramatic change of direction.
With women everywhere currently speaking out about how masculinity should and could be, it is gratifying to note that in the world of menswear, a cohort of female designers have been asking questions, laying down new ground rules and upturning long-held constructs for some time. Back in 2012, the launch of London Fashion Week Men's heralded a boom in brands enabling men to embrace fashion's more experimental sideplayful elements previously restricted to womenswear. That fresh approach was declared a turning point for menswearand many of its early pioneers were women. It always seemed relevant to challenge the masculinity of streetwear culture, says London-based designer Astrid Andersen, whose urban-influenced collections toy with ideals of male sexualitypairing tracksuits with sheer lace tops, for example. Emily Bode, meanwhile, looks to the past for inspiration when designing for her New York label, Bode. What attracted me to menswear is the timelessness of the silhouettesthey're less placeable to a period or trend, she says. Founded in 2016, Bode repurposes antique fabricsfrom Victorian quilts to grain sacks and vintage bed lineninto jackets, trousers and shirts. Naturally, given her recycling impulse, she prefers fashion that stands the test of time. It's innate in me, this interest. I've always watched my father and my boyfriends shop. I noticed the obsession with pure function, as well as all the little nuances and habits each man has. Bode and Andersen are just two of a growing number of women shaping the way contemporary men dress: Lou Dalton, Chitose Abe of Sacai and Vronique Nichanian of Herms have all blazed a trail in menswear, while Grace Wales Bonner, whose slimline tailoring attracts both men and women, has caught the attention of academics and curators with her musings on black male masculinity. Collaboration is also flourishing, with Martine Rose helping shape Demna Gvasalia's highly celebrated, fashion-forward vision at Balenciaga, and Christophe Lemaire's Sarah-Linh Tran taking equal share of the credit alongside her design (and life) partner at the end of every runway show. And it's not just new designers on the block who are ripping up the rule book. Indeed, has anyone in fashion had more of an impact on the concept of male beauty and modern machismo than Donatella Versace? The designer, whose runway shows and ad campaigns have celebrated the buff male Adonis and all things high camp in equal measure, has been watching recent developments with intrigue. What I see is that the younger generations do not really care so much about the so-called genders'. And with that I do not mean that men should go around wearing skirts if that's not what they feel like doing, but that the lines between what a man or woman can or cannot wear are getting more blurred. Young people are having fun playing with their image to express themselves, and rightly so. As a designer, I feel this in the air, on social media, walking around the streets, and I propose my own vision with my clothes. Her approach has developed as conversations around gender have become more widely heard and debated. I think the Versace man has embraced his feminine side in a stronger way and that he is having fun playing with it. He has softened his edges because he is self-confident and strong, and he is not afraid to dare. He knows he does not have to prove anything to anyone because he knows his place in today's society and therefore he is willing to take more risks. And I am loving it, playing along. Very Versace. Silvia Venturini Fendi agrees. Men are becoming liberated from rules and it's remarkable. Fashion is gearing towards individuality and this exchange of roles is part of that, she says. Her menswear collections have won rave reviews recently for being playful yet layered with unexpected pop and art references. She feels more freedom as a female designer than ever before. When I started designing menswear, people were looking at me a bit like, mmm, she's a woman', but today men's collections and women's collections have so much in common. I like the lack of clear definitions and I like the way that unisex approach reflects the spirit of the times. It's nice to break down barriers. In the end, it's an issue of choice, she argues. I think it's restrictive to specify that something is for men or women. A shirt is a shirt. It's a good moment to celebrate the success of women on the menswear scheduleat the very least, it points to a shift in the balance of power. But, as Bode observes, there is still a long way to go: No one is asking men, Why womenswear?' But with women designing for men, it's always the first question. So are we moving to a point where young designers such as herself won't have to explain themselves or justify their chosen category? The blurring of menswear and womenswear is a great startbecause if it translates into good economics, gender-neutral buying power and what it stands for could make its mark further up the fashion food chain. After 40 years on the fashion circuit, Versace certainly hopes so: A society in which everyone is treated as equal, which embraces diversity as something positive and which is inclusive, is a society that can thrive.
Fashion as an industry is challenging to say the least. You finally succeeded in creating your brand, have been around for a couple of yearsbut now what? Enter Lakm Fashion Week. Their approach to nurturing the design community has been holistic right from the start, and their latest initiative will help upcoming designers take their work to the next level. The fashion week that prides at recognising fresh talent through its Gen Next initiative, has just launched The Platform'a program tailored to mentoring emerging designers who are pushing the boundaries of fashion. While Gen Next continues to stay on the schedule to shine the spotlight on fresh talent, The Platform is a unique program that focuses on strengthening emerging designers that been in business under one designer label name for a minimum of two years. Lakm Fashion Week is committed to bringing new designer talent to the fore. Having successfully launched many of the most exciting labels, we want to now nurture and help support them with this exciting new program. We are happy to launch The Platform in association with Smartwater, said Jaspreet Chandok, vice president and fashion head, IMG Reliance, of their initiative in collaboration with the US-based premium water brand that launched in India last year. The designers who make the cut will not only be mentored by the best in the industry, but will also be showcasing at the upcoming winter/festive 2018 season for Lakm Fashion Week. The theme for the debut show is Inspired By The Clouds. Those interested in being a part of the program can sign register by June 30 at Lakmefashionweek.co.in
There are few things in your closet that can be considered as trusty all-rounders, and there's good reason to add your tried-and-tested pair of rubber slippers to this list. Whether you're running a quick errand, have a long day at the beach on your agenda, or just want to give your feet some relief on a flight back home, they'll do you well on most occasions. Most, because during the monsoons, this otherwise reliable staple is not your friend. While you may have succeeded in stepping out in a pair of rubber slippers during the first showers without any mishaps, do yourself a favour and don't try your luck till the season is over. The biggest drawback of wearing rubber slippers in the monsoons is the unappealing spray of mud that rises from the back of the footwear, coming in contact with the wet ground. And of course, the resultant Jackson Pollock-esque splatter all over your clothing is the last thing you need when you're heading out. Another important point: rubber slippers aren't exactly skid-friendly. Unless you want your hand in a sling from tripping on a wet, slippery surface, or something equally embarrassing, invest in water-proof footwear that offers you some grip. If you're the kind of person who jumps in horror when your feet come in contact with a wet, slimy object while walking on the street, the open rubber slippers are definitely not your friends. Keep your toes safe and dry in a pair of sturdy wellies instead, why don't you? From jelly sandals, slides to boots, these are the best alternatives to rubber slippers we could find. Shop from our edit now.
SUBSCRIBE TO YouTube Just when you thought the Carters had their hands fullthe On the Run II tour, their newly released joint album, Everything Is Lovethe power couple debuted another surprise. This weekend's release of their music video Apeshit provided fans with a stunning trip through the Louvre and a wealth of new fashion. In the Ricky Saizdirected clip, Beyonc and Jay-Z move through the Parisian landmark first as spectators and then as works of art themselves. The cameras pan through the museum's expansive collection, capturing every outfit change along the way. More than taking the spirit of their famous Mona Lisa Instagram post and setting it to music, the clip connects the Louvre's artwork to each of the couple's looks to form a series of vignettes. The clothes either personify or complement the pieces on display by echoing their colours, shapes, or mood. Largely focusing on sculpture from antiquity and paintings that predate the Victorian erathe works featured range from 2600 BC's Great Sphinx of Tanis to Ary Scheffer's comparatively recent Francesca da Rimini and Paolo Malatesta Appraised by Dante and Virgil from 1835the clothes went in the opposite direction. Though she could have dug into the archives and pulled out a series of retro standouts, stylist Zerina Akers used the latest designs from the runways, as well as custom pieces from coveted brands. The mixture of past and present made for compelling visuals, especially when the looks played up the Carters' now famous couple's style. To gaze at the Mona Lisa, they wore coordinated pastel suiting with Beyonc in pink piped Peter Pilotto and Jay sporting a double-breasted blazer that was the same shade of mint green as the frame of the painting's climate-controlled enclosure. A dance in front of Jacques-Louis David's The Coronation of Napoleon meant nude-toned body stockings for dancers and a formfitting Burberry crop top and leggings combination for Beyonc. Later, she echoed the sultry vibe with nude corsetry to groove in the shadow of the Venus de Milo, next to Jay-Z in a glossy pink suit by John Galliano. As the sculptures and paintings grew more majestic with royalty and deities showing up in the background, the clothes became more elaborate, as well. To channel the grace of The Winged Victory of Samothracethe second century BC Hellenistic sculptural tribute to the goddess Nikecouture was necessary. A transparent Stephane Rolland gown worn with a ruffled Alexis Mabille cape draped over one arm provided the right level of drama. A dance alongside the sphinx meant a one-of-a-kind MCM logocovered bustier and overcoat designed by Misa Hylton with swirling Y/Project boots that encircled each leg. Even chilling in the Grand Gallery demanded layers of Versace finery with Beyonc decked out in a Baroque print. These juxtapositions showcased the beauty of the clothing, but they also served to highlight larger issues. As vast as the collection of the world's largest museum may be, the presence of artists of colour remains limited there, as it is within the highest echelons of the art world. The Carters are longtime collectors with pieces from Basquiat, George Condo, and Laurie Simmons within their personal assemblage, which makes them well aware of the hurdles faced by minority creators when attempting to navigate the art scene. Thus their video offers a form of commentary. By becoming the art through eye-catching costumes and thrilling choreography, they challenge conceptions about what and who deserves space in a museum. Image: Youtube The pair have infused their art appreciation into their work beforethe cameo-filled video for Jay-Z's Picasso Baby or the multilayered references woven into Lemonadebut here they offered a moment of artistic revelry that hammered home the point. Within the hallowed space of the Louvre, the presence of a Da Vinci or a Veronese is expected; the merits of those artworks have been unquestioned for centuries. The sight of Beyonc vamping in crystal-covered Balmain opposite I. M. Pei's pyramid or Jay-Z in logo-infused Gucci provides a different kind of spectacle, but it's one that is no less interesting. With fashionand a great songserving as the entry point, the Carters blew the dust off old ideas.
